Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
		-- Balfour
Why are there always boycotts?  Shouldn't there be girlcotts too?
		-- argon on #Linux
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken
You've been telling me to relax all the way here, and now you're telling
me just to be myself?
		-- The Return of the Secaucus Seven
Awright, which one of you hid my PENIS ENVY?
Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"
Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings
Steal this tagline.  I did.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
signal(i, SIG_DFL); /* crunch, crunch, crunch */
		-- Larry Wall in doarg.c from the perl source code
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
		-- Christopher Fry
Why not have an old-fashioned Christmas for your family this year? Just
picture the scene in your living room on Christmas morning as your children
open their old-fashioned presents.

Your 11-year-old son: "What the heck is this?"

You:	"A spinning top!  You spin it around, and then eventually it falls
down.  What fun!  Ha, ha!"

Son:	"Is this a joke?  Jason Thompson's parents got him a computer with
two disk drives and 128 kilobytes of random-access memory, and I get this
cretin TOP?"

Your 8-year-old daughter: "You think that's bad?  Look at this."

You:	"It's figgy pudding!  What a treat!"

Daughter: "It looks like goat barf."
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
To be is to program.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
Walk softly and carry a BFG-9000.
When one knows women one pities men, but when one studies men,
one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke
Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
		-- Louise Beal
poverty, n.:
	An unfortunate state that persists as long
	as anyone lacks anything he would like to have.
The universe is an island, surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds
universes.
Making one brilliant decision and a whole bunch of mediocre ones isn't as
good as making a whole bunch of generally smart decisions throughout the
whole process.
		-- John Carmack
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats; If it be man's work I will do it.
The little pieces of my life I give to you, with love, to make a quilt
to keep away the cold.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their
correctness never does.
DYSLEXICS OF THE WORLD, UNTIE!
   On Krat's main screen appeared the holo image of a man, and several dolphins.
From the man's shape, Krat could tell it was a female, probably their leader.
   "...stupid creatures unworthy of the name `sophonts.'  Foolish, pre-sentient
upspring of errant masters.  We slip away from all your armed might, laughing
at your clumsiness!  We slip away as we always will, you pathetic creatures.
And now that we have a real head start, you'll never catch us!  What better
proof that the Progenitors favor not you, but us!  What better proof..."
   The taunt went on.  Krat listened, enraged, yet at the same time savoring
the artistry of it.  These men are better than I'd thought.  Their insults
are wordy and overblown, but they have talent.  They deserve honorable, slow
deaths.
		-- David Brin, Startide Rising
"Neighbors!!  We got neighbors!  We ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and
I just had to shoot one."
		-- Post Bros. Comics
If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen
The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan
Look at it this way: Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to
forget $26,000 of college education. And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?
"If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely."
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	[Where is Jimmy Hoffa?			(C shell)
	^How did the^sex change operation go?	(C shell)
	"How would you rate BSD vs. System V?
	%blow					(C shell)
	'thou shalt not mow thy grass at 8am'	(C shell)
	got a light?				(C shell)
	!!:Say, what do you think of margarine?	(C shell)
	PATH=pretending! /usr/ucb/which sense	(Bourne shell)
	make love
	make "the perfect dry martini"
	man -kisses dog				(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	i=Hoffa ; >$i; $i; rm $i; rm $i		(Bourne shell)
The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.

Cowboy:	"Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.  Hardworkin'.
	Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..."

Horse:  "No, stupid, not feed*back*.  I said I wanted a feed*bag*.
<liiwi> so, what's the official way to get buildd to retry a package? prod
        it with a stick?
<Joey> prod neuro
<liiwi> with a stick?
<Joey> yes.
The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5
A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole
<Z-Gryphon> If Unicron had a tech spec card, his motto would be "That
            which does not become part of the One shall become Void."
<Z-Gryphon> which is sort of a grand-scale, apocalyptic version of "I
            am what I eat." :)
Physician:  One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Go on, EMOTE!  I was RAISED on thought balloons!!
Only a fool has no doubts.
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Back in the early 60's, touch tone phones only had 10 buttons.  Some
military versions had 16, while the 12 button jobs were used only by people
who had "diva" (digital inquiry, voice answerback) systems -- mainly banks.
Since in those days, only Western Electric  made "data sets" (modems) the
problems of terminology were all Bell System.  We used to struggle with
written descriptions of dial pads that were unfamiliar to most people
(most phones were rotary then.)  Partly in jest, some AT&T engineering
types (there was no marketing in the good old days, which is why they were
the good old days) made up the term "octalthorpe" (note spelling) to denote
the "pound sign."  Presumably because it has 8 points sticking out.  It
never really caught on.
Public use of any portable music system is a virtually guaranteed indicator
of sociopathic tendencies.
		-- Zoso
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekhov
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
		-- Albert Camus
The night passes quickly when you're asleep
But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat
...
Breakfast at the Egg House,
Like the waffle on the griddle,
I'm burnt around the edges,
But I'm tender in the middle.
		-- Adrian Belew
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.
How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

"That's a known problem... don't worry about it."
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
... I want FORTY-TWO TRYNEL FLOATATION SYSTEMS installed within
SIX AND A HALF HOURS!!!
Love is sentimental measles.
We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
I never thought that I'd see the day where Netscape is free software and
X11 is proprietary.  We live in interesting times.
		-- Matt Kimball <mkimball@xmission.com>
You should all JUMP UP AND DOWN for TWO HOURS while I decide on a NEW CAREER!!
> I'm an idiot..  At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find..
We need to find some new terms to describe the rest of us mere mortals
then.
		-- Craig Schlenter in response to Linus Torvalds's
Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug
"We'll look into it":
	By the time the wheels make a full turn, we
	assume you will have forgotten about it, too.
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very
reassuring to know that it's still there.
<Endy> Actually, I think I'll wait for potato to be finalised before
       installing debian.
<Endy> That should be soon, I'm hoping. :)
<knghtbrd> Endy: You obviously know very little about Debian.
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
		-- Chico Marx
index, n.:
	Alphabetical list of words of no possible interest where an
	alphabetical list of subjects with references ought to be.
	Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen
preaching to a group of disciples.
	"Words..." Ken orated, "they are but an illusory veil obfuscating
the absolute reality of --"
	"Ken!" Hakuin interrupted. "Your fly is down!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon Ken, and he
vaporized.
	On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued
with the spirit of the morning.
	"Ah," the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks,
"Thou art That..."
	"Ah," Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, "And Thou art Fat!"
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the monk,
and he vaporized.
	Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: "As our
enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow
soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?"
	"US?" snapped Hakuin.
	Whereupon the Clear Light of Illumination exploded upon the
Governor, and he vaporized.
	Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with
his shotgun.  "Ha! Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!"
"If you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me."
-- Scott Legrand (Scott.Legrand@hogbbs.Fidonet.Org)

"You may be wrong here, little one."
		-- R. W. F. Clark (RWC102@PSUVM)
Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system.  Therefore, users
tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space.  It has
been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the
message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
		-- System V.2 administrator's guide
Zero Defects, n.:
	The result of shutting down a production line.
No running on pool deck.
No one may kill a man.  Not for any purpose.  It cannot be condoned.
		-- Kirk, "Spock's Brain", stardate 5431.6
Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.
For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison
Credit ... is the only enduring testimonial to man's confidence in man.
		-- James Blish
As to house maintenance, does it involve problem solfing?  If so,
your hacker can safely be left to deall with the panning (for the
musement value, if nothering ese).
		-- Telsa Gwynne
The Great Movie Posters:

SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT!
-- DANCING CALLED GO-GO
-- MUSIC CALLED JU-JU
-- NARCOTICS CALLED BANGI!
-- FIRES OF PUBERTY!
	SEE the burning of a virgin!
	SEE power of witch doctor over women!
	SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!!
		-- Kwaheri (1965)

The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
		-- Boeing-Boeing (1965)

AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP-
A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN!
	The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to
give you the wim-wams!
		-- Monster a Go-Go (1965)
byob, v:
	Believing Your Own Bull
Cerebus:	I'd love to lick apricot brandy out of your navel.
Jaka:		Look, Cerebus-- Jaka has to tell you ... something
Cerebus:	If Cerebus had a navel, would you lick apricot brandy out of it?
Jaka:		Ugh!
Cerebus:	You don't like apricot brandy?
		-- Cerebus #6, "The Secret"
You teach best what you most need to learn.
  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980
<Endy> taniwha: Have you TESTED this one? :)
<taniwha> Endy: of course not
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer
The Least Perceptive Literary Critic
	The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.  A
most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to
give a public reading of his latest poem.
	Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord
Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, "I beg your pardon, Mr.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me."
	Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable
and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.  "Be so good as to mark
the place and consider at your leisure.  I'm sure you can give it a better
turn."
	After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.  "There is no need to touch the
lines," he said.  "All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on
Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation
on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.  I have known him
much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event."
	Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem
exactly as it was before.  His unique critical faculties had lost none of
their edge.  "Ay", he commented, "now they are perfectly right.  Nothing can
be better."
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Goals... Plans... they're fantasies, they're part of a dream world...
		-- Wally Shawn
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
		-- Whole Earth Catalog
To kick or not to kick...
		-- Somewhere on IRC, inspired by Shakespeare
"Actually, the only distribution of Linux I've ever used that passed the
rootshell test out of the box (hit rootshell at the time the dist is
released and see if you can break the OS with scripts from there) is
Debian."
		-- seen on the Linux security-audit mailing list
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
O love, could thou and I with fate conspire
To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire,
Might we not smash it to bits
And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
		-- Omar Khayyam, tr. FitzGerald
Didja' ever have to make up your mind,
Pick up on one and leave the other behind,
It's not often easy, and it's not often kind,
Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
		-- Lovin' Spoonful
I surely do hope that's a syntax error.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710011752.KAA21624@wall.org>
<maswan> Joy: Lets fork cat! :)
<maswan> Joy: imagine a big pitchfork and a dead kitten on top of
         it.. with blood running down..
How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "I told you so" when it doesn't work.
If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think
I'm an engineer working on something.
		-- S. R. McElroy
Windows Airlines:
The terminal is very neat and clean, the attendants all very attractive, the
pilots very capable. The fleet of Learjets the carrier operates is immense.
Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushing above the clouds, and at 20,000
feet it explodes without warning.
There comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face
.... One day our minds became so powerful we dared think of ourselves as gods.
		-- Sargon, "Return to Tomorrow", stardate 4768.3
Boss: You forgot to assign the result of your map!

Hacker: Dang, I'm always forgetting my assignations...

Boss: And what's that "goto" doing there?!?

Hacker: Er, I guess my finger slipped when I was typing "getservbyport"...

Boss: Ah well, accidents will happen.  Maybe we should have picked APL.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710311732.JAA19169@wall.org>
If I am elected no one will ever have to do their laundry again!
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into
the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
		-- Woody Allen
Suffocating together ... would create heroic camaraderie.
		-- Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed", stardate 3142.8
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced
by circumstances to meet.
		-- Admiral William Halsey
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney
Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If I am elected, the concrete barriers around the WHITE HOUSE will be
replaced by tasteful foam replicas of ANN MARGARET!
If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
Linux is obsolete
		-- Andrew Tanenbaum
* Joey should not write changelog entries at 5:30am
<Joey>    * DFSC Free cgi library
<Joey> What's that? DFSC?
<jim> Debian Free Software mroooooCows
		-- Seen on #Debian
Nice guys don't finish nice.
Prepare for tomorrow -- get ready.
		-- Edith Keeler, "The City On the Edge of Forever",
		   stardate unknown
If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.
Check your local listings.
Most of us feel that marketing types are like a dangerous weapon - keep
'em unloaded and locked up in a cupboard, and only bring them out when
you need them to do a job.
		-- Craig Sanders
Eagleson's Law:
	Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more
	months, might as well have been written by someone else.  (Eagleson
	is an optimist, the real number is more like three weeks.)
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"
Spectacularism:
	A fascination with extreme situations.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
Support Mental Health.  Or I'll kill you.
> : Any porters out there should feel happier knowing that DEC is shipping
> : me an AlphaPC that I intend to try getting linux running on: this will
> : definitely help flush out some of the most flagrant unportable stuff.
> : The Alpha is much more different from the i386 than the 68k stuff is, so
> : it's likely to get most of the stuff fixed.
>
> It's posts like this that almost convince us non-believers that there
> really is a god.
(A follow-up by alovell@kerberos.demon.co.uk, Anthony Lovell, to Linus's
remarks about porting)
Q:	How does the Polish Constitution differ from the American?
A:	Under the Polish Constitution citizens are guaranteed freedom of
	speech, but under the United States constitution they are
	guaranteed freedom after speech.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"
<Knghtbrd> you people are all insane.
<Joey> knight: sure, that's why we work on Debian.
<JHM> Knghtbrd: get in touch with your inner nutcase.
If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.
The sprung doors parted and I staggered out into the lobby's teak and flicker.
Uniformed men stood by impassively like sentries in their trench.  I slapped
my key on the desk and nodded gravely.  I was loaded enough to be unable to
tell whether they could tell I was loaded.  Would they mind?  I was certainly
too loaded to care.  I moved to the door with boxy, schlep-shouldered strides.
		-- Martin Amis, _Money_
The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron
What they said:
	What they meant:

"If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much
of him as I do."
	(Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.)
"Her input was always critical."
	(She never had a good word to say.)
"I have no doubt about his capability to do good work."
	(And it's nonexistent.)
"This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which
already has so many outstanding members."
	(Unless you already have a moron.)
"His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable:
one unbelievable result after another."
	(And we didn't believe them, either.)
"She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her."
	(In fact, to life in general...)
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin
Adore, v.:
	To venerate expectantly.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"Spare no expense to save money on this one."
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
Most non-Catholics know that the Catholic schools are rendering a greater
service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks
have been used, in which Communist-minded teachers have taught, and from
whose classrooms Christ and even God Himself are barred.
		-- from "Our Sunday Visitor", an American-Catholic newspaper, 1949
There's a thrill in store for all for we're about to toast
The corporation that we represent.
We're here to cheer each pioneer and also proudly boast,
Of that man of men our sterling president
The name of T. J. Watson means
A courage none can stem
And we feel honored to be here to toast the IBM.
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook
There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life is the process of
discovering them over and over and over.
		-- David Nichols
What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for
something to occur to you.
		-- Robert Frost

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to AST's.]
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going
to get hit.
		-- Joey
I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham
wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.
polygon:
	Dead parrot.
"The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray."
		-- Robert G. Ingersoll
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis
<Knghtbrd> QF is going to get zipfile support today
<Coderjoe> heh... infozip?
<Knghtbrd> If I'm lucky yes
<Deek> knghtbrd: You're kidding, right? ;)
* Deek takes away Knghtbrd's crack pipe. ;)
"Microwave oven?  Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?  I've been watching
Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks."
Most folks they like the daytime,
	'cause they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning,
	off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down,
	and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.

Now there are two sides to this great big world,
	and one of them is always night.
If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby,
	I guess you're gonna be all right.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
	My eyes just can't stand the light.

'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
		-- Carly Simon
It is now 10 p.m.  Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
		-- Elizabeth Carpenter
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree
But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.
	"We have the right to survive!"
	"Not by killing others."
		-- Deela and Kirk, "Wink of An Eye", stardate 5710.5
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
		-- Derek Bok, president of Harvard
"Unlike most net.puritans, however, I feel that what OTHER consenting computers
 do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business."
		-- John Woods, jfw@eddie.mit.edu
While the year 2000 (y2k) problem is not an issue for us, all Linux
implementations will impacted by the year 2038 (y2.038k) issue. The
Debian Project is committed to working with the industry on this issue
and we will have our full plans and strategy posted by the first quarter
of 2020.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope
Emacs, n.:
	A slow-moving parody of a text editor.
The deafening silence taught me not to ask a bunch of geeks for advice
from their girlfriends
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
		-- Aristotle
Subtlety

The ancients did not seek to rule people with knowledge,
But to help them become natural.
It is difficult for knowledgeable people to become natural.
To use law to control a nation weakens the nation.
But to use nature to control a nation strengthens the nation.
Understanding these two paths is understanding subtlety;
Subtlety runs deep, ranges wide,
Resolves confusion and preserves peace.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #3

	Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
		-- Sam Brown, "The Washington Post", January 26, 1977
Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad
infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
But modifying dpkg is infeasible, and we've agreed to, among other things,
keep the needs of our users at the forefront of our minds. And from a
user's perspective, something that keeps the system tidy in the normal
case, and works *now*, is much better than idealistic fantasies like a
working dpkg.
		-- Manoj Srivastava
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where,
it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
		-- Fran Lebowitz
I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
		-- graffito in Los Angeles

On a clear day,
U.C.L.A.
		-- graffito in San Francisco

There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our
lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
		-- Robert Orben
To follow foolish precedents, and wink
With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
		-- William Cowper
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
Oh no, not again.
		-- Manoj Srivastava
<jim> Lemme make sure I'm not wasting time here... bcwhite will remove
      pkgs that havent been fixed that have outstanding bugs of severity
      "important".  True or false?
<JHM> jim: "important" or higher.  True.
<jim> Then we're about to lose ftp.debian.org and dpkg :)
* netgod will miss dpkg -- it was occasionally useful
<Joey> We still have rpm....
Duckies are fun!
Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....
I've always made it a solemn practice to never drink anything stronger
than tequila before breakfast.
		-- R. Nesson
(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, all horses are black.
Appendix:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.
Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without getting
on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering her ways;
wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or regularity; dissatisfied
with her servants, without skill to make them better, and whether helping, or
reprimanding, or indulging them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen
quit   When the quit statement is read, the  bc  processor
       is  terminated, regardless of where the quit state-
       ment is found.  For example, "if  (0  ==  1)  quit"
       will cause bc to terminate.
(Seen in the manpage for "bc". Note the "if" statement's logic)
The reported resort to astrology in the White House has occasioned much
merriment.  It is not funny.  Astrological gibberish, which means astrology
generally, has no place in a newspaper, let alone government.  Unlike comics,
which are part of a newspaper's harmless pleasure and make no truth claims,
astrology is a fraud.  The idea that it gets a hearing in government is
dismaying.
		-- George Will, Washing Post Writers Group
The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.
Alea iacta est.
	[The die is cast]
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner
I wonder if I ought to tell them about my PREVIOUS LIFE as a COMPLETE
STRANGER?
Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>
: is not an identifier
It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.
We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon
To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he
is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.  For New York cabbies, honesty and
stopping at red lights are both optional.
		-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts
Interestingly enough, since subroutine declarations can come anywhere,
you wouldn't have to put BEGIN {} at the beginning, nor END {} at the
end.  Interesting, no?  I wonder if Henry would like it. :-) --lwall
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be
chewed and digested.
		-- Francis Bacon
	[As anyone who has ever owned a puppy already knows.  Ed.]
philosophy:
	The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.
What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
		-- Raymond Aron, "The Opium of the Intellectuals"
QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."
<SirDibos> Culus: are you awake?
<Culus> no
You never go anywhere without your soul.
"Flattery is all right -- if you don't inhale."
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Academy:
	A modern school where football is taught.
Institute:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.
I'm mentally OVERDRAWN!  What's that SIGNPOST up ahead?  Where's ROD
STERLING when you really need him?
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows
absolutely everything about nothing.
...and scantily clad females, of course.  Who cares if it's below zero
outside.
		-- Linus Torvalds
Whoever asked if the debian organization was dead isn't reading
debian-devel. 66 messages in one day, and it's not over. I find it
difficult to keep up.
		-- Bruce Perens
To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for
you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
I love being married.  It's so great to find that one special person
you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
		-- Rita Rudner
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
There are many times when you want it to ignore the rest of the string just
like atof() does.  Oddly enough, Perl calls atof().  How convenient.  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <1991Jun24.231628.14446@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the
ocean level wouldn't cure.
		-- Ross MacDonald
"'Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true."
-- Poloniouius, in Willie the Shake's _Hamlet, Prince of Darkness_

Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each
day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul
italic, adj:
	Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases.  Unique to
	Western alphabets; in Eastern languages, the same phrases
	are often slanted to the left.
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
		-- Hans Liepmann
But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad
place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge.
Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge?  What
is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not
enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around?
Have I explained yet about the bytes?
You have a truly strong individuality.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada
Water

The best of man is like water,
Which benefits all things, and does not contend with them,
Which flows in places that others disdain,
Where it is in harmony with the Way.
So the sage:
Lives within nature,
Thinks within the deep,
Gives within impartiality,
Speaks within trust,
Governs within order,
Crafts within ability,
Acts within opportunity.
He does not contend, and none contend against him.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
<Knghtbrd> CVS/Entries had the line I needed to "alter"
<Mercury> Knghtbrd: Was about to mention such.. <G>
<Mercury> Knghtbrd: Now, ready to commit?
<Knghtbrd> wish me luck
<Knghtbrd> Mercury: it's committed
<Knghtbrd> Mercury: and after all that, I should be too.
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
"The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down."
		-- H. L. Mencken
Perhaps the most widespread illusion is that if we were in power we would
behave very differently from those who now hold it -- when, in truth, in
order to get power we would have to become very much like them.  (Lenin's
fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.)
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
		-- Alexander Woolcott
Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.
The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.
It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd
make the first approach.
Personally, I don't often talk about social good because when I hear other
people talk about social good, that's when I reach for my revolver.
		-- Eric Raymond
"Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!"
		-- Monty Python and the Holy Grail
Uh-oh -- WHY am I suddenly thinking of a VENERABLE religious leader
frolicking on a FORT LAUDERDALE weekend?
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
		-- C. E. Ayres
Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and
they'll come out for it.
		-- Red Skelton, surveying the funeral of Hollywood mogul
		   Harry Cohn
"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big
system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'"

"TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make
any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
		-- Ken Olson, in Digital News, 1988
I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when
you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
		-- Voltaire
Accept

Harmony is only in following the Way.
The Way is without form or quality,
But expresses all forms and qualities;
The Way is hidden and implicate,
But expresses all of nature;
The Way is unchanging,
But expresses all motion.
Beneath sensation and memory
The Way is the source of all the world.
How can I understand the source of the world?
By accepting.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
	Proposed Country & Western Song Titles
I Can't Get Over You, So I Get Up and Go Around to the Other Side
If You Won't Leave Me Alone, I'll Find Someone Who Will
I Knew That You'd Committed a Sin When You Came Home Late With
	Your Socks Outside-in
I'm a Rabbit in the Headlights of Your Love
Don't Kick My Tires If You Ain't Gonna Take Me For a Ride
I Liked You Better Before I Knew You So Well
I Still Miss You, Baby, But My Aim's Gettin' Better
I've Got Red Eyes From Your White Lies and I'm Blue All the Time
		-- "Wordplay"
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
How do I type "for i in *.dvi do xdvi i done" in a GUI?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces.)
Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man
is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
		-- C. N. Parkinson
<Elric> no BSD fans ?
<EvilTypeGuy> Elric: it's hard to be a gamer and a bsd fan :p
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a
fundamental error.  Be thankful you are not my student.  You would not get a
high grade for such a design :-)
		-- Andrew Tanenbaum to Linus Torvalds
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier...  I put them in
the same room and let them fight it out.
		-- Steven Wright
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom.  The first is being a bore.
		-- Cecil Beaton
"His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California."
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh
Stay the curse.
<Overfiend> the kind of landscape that laughs at "AWD" vehicles and
            sends them tumbling into ravines
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
		-- Laurence Peter
	Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.
if (me != you)        // FIXME: probably always true, delete?
    for (n = 0; n < who_knows_what; n++) {
        answer = DoSomething (withthis[n]);
        if (answer == foobar) {
            GetLost (n);
            break;
        }
    }
The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals
because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage
and tourist handouts.  This bear has learned to open car doors in
Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens
of thousands of dollars a year.  Campaigns to bearproof all garbage
containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist
put it, "There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels
of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."
H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken --
there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim
Give all orders verbally.  Never write anything down that might go into a
"Pearl Harbor File".
Feb  5 13:27:01 trinity lp0 on fire
        -- the Linux kernel, alerting me that there was some unknown
           problem with my printer (ie, it was out of ink)
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
		-- Clifton Fadiman
Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.
The hope that springs eternal
Springs right up your behind.
		-- Ian Drury, "This Is What We Find"
Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher
Rule of Defactualization:
	Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad
trying to stop yourself going mad.  You might just as well give in and
save your sanity for later.
Everyone talks about apathy, but no one ____does anything about it.
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be
boss and work twelve.
		-- Robert Frost
<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<
If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets
and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
		-- Garrison Keillor
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
Von Neumann was the subject of many dotty professor stories.  Von Neumann
supposedly had the habit of simply writing answers to homework assignments on
the board (the method of solution being, of course, obvious) when he was asked
how to solve problems.  One time one of his students tried to get more helpful
information by asking if there was another way to solve the problem.  Von
Neumann looked blank for a moment, thought, and then answered, "Yes.".
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain
Need

Is the action of nature not unlike drawing a bow?
What is higher is pulled down, and what is lower is raised up;
What is taller is shortened, and what is thinner is broadened;
Nature's motion decreases those who have more than they need
And increases those who need more than they have.
It is not so with Man.
Man decreases those who need more than they have
And increases those who have more than they need.
To give away what you do not need is to follow the Way.
So the sage gives without expectation,
Accomplishes without claiming credit,
And has no desire for ostentation.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love,
we will cry over things we used to laugh &
our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle
creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then &
in the end a summer with wild winds &
new friends will be.
"Shelter," what a nice name for for a place where you polish your cat.
Perhaps the remembrance of these things will prove a source of future
pleasure.
		-- Virgil
signal(i, SIG_DFL); /* crunch, crunch, crunch */
		-- Larry Wall in doarg.c from the perl source code
Thufir's a Harkonnen now.
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
"Remember, extremism in the nondefense of moderation is not a virtue."
		-- Peter Neumann, about usenet
Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of
courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
		-- Robert F. Kennedy
QOTD:
	"You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them?
	How...  tribal."
"Pseudocode can be used to some extent to aid the maintenance
process.  However, pseudocode that is highly detailed -
approaching the level of detail of the code itself - is not of
much use as maintenance documentation.  Such detailed
documentation has to be maintained almost as much as the code,
thus doubling the maintenance burden.  Furthermore, since such
voluminous pseudocode is too distracting to be kept in the
listing itself, it must be kept in a separate folder.  The
result: Since pseudocode - unlike real code - doesn't have to be
maintained, no one will maintain it.  It will soon become out of
date and everyone will ignore it.  (Once, I did an informal
survey of 42 shops that used pseudocode.  Of those 42, 0 [zero!],
found that it had any value as maintenance documentation."
         --Meilir Page-Jones, "The Practical Guide to Structured
           Design", Yourdon Press (c) 1988
If I had a formula for bypassing trouble, I would not pass it around.
Trouble creates a capacity to handle it.  I don't say embrace trouble; that's
as bad as treating it as an enemy.  But I do say meet it as a friend, for
you'll see a lot of it and you had better be on speaking terms with it.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Spelling is a lossed art.
This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct
the thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a
minimum level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The
results are that one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott
* Simunye is so happy she has her mothers gene's
<Dellaran> you better give them back before she misses them!
George Bernard Shaw once sent two tickets to the opening night of one of
his plays to Winston Churchill with the following note:
	"Bring a friend, if you have one."

Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he
had a previous engagement.  He also attached the following:
	"Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one."
Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
I am more bored than you could ever possibly be.  Go back to work.
We're all looking for a woman who can sit in a mini-skirt and talk
philosophy, executing both with confidence and style.
Captain Penny's Law:
	You can fool all of the people some of the
	time, and some of the people all of the
	time, but you can't fool mom.
Available while quantities last.
America: born free and taxed to death.
<james> abuse me.  I'm so lame I sent a bug report to debian-devel-changes
		-- Seen on #Debian
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate
knowledge of its ugly side.  -- James Baldwin
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.  To accuse neither
oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
		-- Epictetus
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
Never try to teach a pig to sing.  It wastes your time and annoys the pig.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.
Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
		-- Karl Kraus
...computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
		-- Fred Brooks, Jr.
If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time someone pulls
out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with your Bic.
I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone
has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
		-- Professor Lowd, English, Ohio University
Be circumspect in your liaisons with women.  It is better to be seen at
the opera with a man than at mass with a woman.
		-- De Maintenon
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to
stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings
No people are all bad, just as none are all good.
Tecumseh, (Shawnee) to his nephew Spemica Lawba 1790
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what
the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be
replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.  There is another
theory which states that this has already happened.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Sex is like air.  It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
pos += screamnext[pos]  /* does this goof up anywhere? */
		-- Larry Wall in util.c from the perl source code
Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions. The surest
poison is time.
		-- Emerson, "Society and Solitude"
Don't wake me up too soon...
Gonna take a ride across the moon...
You and me.
People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world
citizens are fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.
		-- Norman Cousins
<aj> come on
<aj> it's a pico clone
<aj> it's *meant* to be annoying
Don't panic.
Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.
A fox is a wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"
Benson's Dogma:
	ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.
What's all this brouhaha?
Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.  Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his
wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.
Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her incredible
eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy, acceptance, and peace.
"'Bye for now," she said warmly.
		-- Thea Alexander, "2150 A.D."
"Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper .... everyone was
eating paper and a policeman was at the door.  Now all you have to do is
bend a disk."
- an anonymous member of the outlawed Polish trade union, Solidarity,
  commenting on the benefits of using computers in support of their movement
Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.
* PerlGeek is really a space alien
* Knghtktty believes PerlGeek
TRANSACTION CANCELLED - FARECARD RETURNED
Printed on recycled paper.
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus
You know, the difference between this company and the Titanic is that the
Titanic had paying customers.
This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.
Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself
out of the market.
<Knghtbrd> aggh!
<Knghtbrd> MAKE IT STOP!
<Knghtbrd> MAKE IT STOP!!
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all
Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
		-- John Keats
A Chicago salesman was about to check into a St. Louis hotel when he noticed
a very charming woman staring admiringly at him.  He walked over and spoke
with her for a few minutes, then returned to the front desk, where they checked
in as Mr. and Mrs.
	After a very pleasurable three-day stay, the man approached the front
desk and told the clerk he was checking out.  In a few minutes, he was handed
a bill for $2500.
	"There must be some mistake," the salesman said.  "I've been here for
only three days."
	"Yes, sir," the clerk replied.  "But your wife has been here a month
and a half."
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
Returns for store credit only.
If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.
IBM's original motto:
	Cogito ergo vendo; vendo ergo sum.
"Irrationality is the square root of all evil"
		-- Douglas Hofstadter
"Any excuse will serve a tyrant."
		-- Aesop
There are three things I have always loved and never understood --
art, music, and women.
The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.
However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours
by judging things by their price.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin
I did cancel one performance in Holland where they thought my music was so easy
that they didn't rehearse at all.  And so the first time when I found that out,
I rehearsed the orchestra myself in front of the audience of 3,000 people and
the next day I rehearsed through the second movement -- this was the piece
_Cheap Imitation_ -- and they then were ashamed.  The Dutch people were ashamed
and they invited me to come to the Holland festival and they promised to
rehearse.  And when I got to Amsterdam they had changed the orchestra, and
again, they hadn't rehearsed.  So they were no more prepared the second time
than they had been the first.  I gave them a lecture and told them to cancel
the performance; they then said over the radio that i had insisted on their
cancelling the performance because they were "insufficiently Zen."
Can you believe it?
		-- composer John Cage, "Electronic Musician" magazine, March 88, pg. 89
I'm having BEAUTIFUL THOUGHTS about the INSIPID WIVES of smug and
wealthy CORPORATE LAWYERS ...
OVER the underpass!  UNDER the overpass!  Around the FUTURE and BEYOND REPAIR!!
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get
another chance later on.
Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
		-- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)
This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
XXI:
	It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXII:
	If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock,
	not selling advice.
XXIII:
	Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is
	currently estimated.
XXIV:
	The only thing more costly than stretching the schedule of an
	established project is accelerating it, which is itself the most
	costly action known to man.
XXV:
	A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete
	or a new canvas to an artist.
		-- Norman Augustine
	The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball...
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years
old. You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.  You've got to let it
grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're
bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
		-- Babe Ruth, in his 1948 farewell speech at Yankee Stadium
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
When this load is DONE I think I'll wash it AGAIN ...
Boss: You forgot to assign the result of your map!

Hacker: Dang, I'm always forgetting my assignations...

Boss: And what's that "goto" doing there?!?

Hacker: Er, I guess my finger slipped when I was typing "getservbyport"...

Boss: Ah well, accidents will happen.  Maybe we should have picked APL.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710311732.JAA19169@wall.org>
Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually repeat word for
word what you shouldn't have said.
momentum, n.:
	What you give a person when they are going away.
Work without a vision is slavery, Vision without work is a pipe dream,
But vision with work is the hope of the world.
Populus vult decipi.
	[The people like to be deceived.]
I don't want to be young again, I just don't want to get any older.
Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Poorochrondria:
	Hypochrondria derived from not having medical insurance.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
Keep out of reach of children.
"He don't know me vewy well, DO he?"   -- Bugs Bunny
I don't know if it's what you want, but it's what you get.  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <10502@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic
American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
help, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
		-- John Keats
Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- R. Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
QOTD:
	"I may not be able to walk, but I drive from the sitting position."
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake
If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet
"You are old," said the youth, "and your programs don't run,
	And there isn't one language you like;
Yet of useful suggestions for help you have none --
	Have you thought about taking a hike?"

"Since I never write programs," his father replied,
	"Every language looks equally bad;
Yet the people keep paying to read all my books
	And don't realize that they've been had."
The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
Maybe it's time to break that.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710311718.JAA19082@wall.org>
Anyone can become angry -- that is easy; but to be angry with the right
person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose
and in the right way -- that is not easy.
		-- Aristotle
[District Attorneys] learn in District Attorney School that there are
two sure-fire ways to get a lot of favorable publicity:

(1) Go down and raid all the lockers in the local high school and
    confiscate 53 marijuana cigarettes and put them in a pile and hold
    a press conference where you announce that they have a street value
    of $850 million.  These raids never fail, because ALL high schools,
    including brand-new, never-used ones, have at least 53 marijuana
    cigarettes in the lockers.  As far as anyone can tell, the locker
    factory puts them there.
(2) Raid an "adult book store" and hold a press conference where you
    announce you are charging the owner with 850 counts of being a
    piece of human sleaze.  This also never fails, because you always
    get a conviction.  A juror at a pornography trial is not about to
    state for the record that he finds nothing obscene about a movie
    where actors engage in sexual activities with live snakes and a
    fire extinguisher.  He is going to convict the bookstore owner, and
    vote for the death penalty just to make sure nobody gets the wrong
    impression.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when they grow up,
they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.
*** NEWS FLASH ***

Archeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur
skeleton!  Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive
than DEC admits.  Price adjustments at 11:00.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
		-- Theodore Sturgeon
Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"
quit   When the quit statement is read, the  bc  processor
       is  terminated, regardless of where the quit state-
       ment is found.  For example, "if  (0  ==  1)  quit"
       will cause bc to terminate.
		-- seen in the manpage for "bc". Note the "if" statement's logic
I've been there.
We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.
Q:	How many IBM CPU's does it take to do a logical right shift?
A:	33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
Set the cart before the horse.
		-- John Heywood
Someone is speaking well of you.
It's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud.
		-- J. C. R. Licklider
You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles.
		-- Miss Piggy, on eating Chinese Food
Deliberation, n.:
	The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is
	buttered on.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Sattinger's Law:
	It works better if you plug it in.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
The IBM 2250 is impressive ...
if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
		-- D. Cohen
My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
_/I\_____________o______________o___/I\     l  * /    /_/ *   __  '     .* l
I"""_____________l______________l___"""I\   l      *//      _l__l_   . *.  l
 [__][__][(******)__][__](******)[__][] \l  l-\ ---//---*----(oo)----------l
 [][__][__(******)][__][_(******)_][__] l   l  \\ // ____ >-(    )-<    /  l
 [__][__][_l    l[__][__][l    l][__][] l   l \\)) ._****_.(......) .@@@:::l
 [][__][__]l   .l_][__][__]   .l__][__] l   l   ll  _(o_o)_        (@*_*@  l
 [__][__][/   <_)[__][__]/   <_)][__][] l   l   ll (  / \  )     /   / / ) l
 [][__][ /..,/][__][__][/..,/_][__][__] l   l  / \\  _\  \_   /     _\_\   l
 [__][__(__/][__][__][_(__/_][__][__][] l   l______________________________l
 [__][__]] l     ,  , .      [__][__][] l
 [][__][_] l   . i. '/ ,     [][__][__] l        /\**/\       season's
 [__][__]] l  O .\ / /, O    [__][__][] l       ( o_o  )_)       greetings
_[][__][_] l__l======='=l____[][__][__] l_______,(u  u  ,),__________________
 [__][__]]/  /l\-------/l\   [__][__][]/       {}{}{}{}{}{}<R>

In Ellen's house it is warm and toasty while fuzzies play in the snow outside.

If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
travel, n.:
	Something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere.
<Iambe> conning the most intellegent people on the planet is not easy
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
I want to buy a husband who, every week when I sit down to watch "St.
Elsewhere", won't scream, "Forget it, Blanche... It's time for Hee-Haw!"
		-- Berke Breathed, "Bloom County"
All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely
than others.
		-- Alan Truscott
QOTD:
	"What I like most about myself is that I'm so understanding
	when I mess things up."
I'm gliding over a NUCLEAR WASTE DUMP near ATLANTA, Georgia!!
Egotism, n:
	Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.

Egotist, n:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ?

Seven:  One to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do
        with the old one for the next 10,000 years.
Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."
Be sociable. Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.
Riches:  A gift from Heaven signifying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I
am well pleased."
		-- John D. Rockefeller, (slander by Ambrose Bierce)
Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for
anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations
in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."
		-- Instrument News
		[Once is too often.  Ed.]
The ladies men admire, I've heard,
Would shudder at a wicked word.
Their candle gives a single light;
They'd rather stay at home at night.
They do not keep awake till three,
Nor read erotic poetry.
They never sanction the impure,
Nor recognize an overture.
They shrink from powders and from paints...
So far, I've had no complaints.
		-- Dorothy Parker
Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]
The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.
martin@bdsi.com (no longer valid - where are you now, Martin?)
		-- from /usr/src/linux/drivers/cdrom/mcd.c
The curse of the Irish is not that they don't know the words to a song --
it's that they know them *___all*.
		-- Susan Dooley
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W. H. Auden
Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
There is a fly on your nose.
Shick's Law:
	There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.
You're dead, Jim.
		-- McCoy, "Amok Time", stardate 3372.7
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is
make the rubble bounce.
		-- Winston Churchill
Boob's Law:
	You always find something in the last place you look.
Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts
avoiding you.
		-- The Old Farmer's Almanac
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus
To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura
bitters.  Shake.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, recipe for turkey cocktail.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
First, I'm going to give you all the ANSWERS to today's test ...  So
just plug in your SONY WALKMANS and relax!!
Not only Guinness - Linux is good for you, too.
		-- Banzai on IRC
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
belief, n:
	Something you do not believe.
Magically turning people's old scalar contexts into list contexts is a
recipe for several kinds of disaster.
		-- Larry Wall in <199709291631.JAA08648@wall.org>
I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy
A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?
	And the Master answered:
	It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.
It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.
	It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City
to City upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns
have come to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.
	And that is Fate?  said the priest.
	Fate... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.
	That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know
what Freight was too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
"Don't think; let the machine do it for you!"
		-- E. C. Berkeley
Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages.  And we can all
be counted on to live down to our lowest impulses.
		-- Parmen, "Plato's Stepchildren", stardate 5784.3
"Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with
jealousy, greed, hate ..."

"It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, sentiment --
the other side of the coin"
		-- Dr. Roger Corby and Kirk, "What are Little Girls Made Of?",
		   stardate 2712.4
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#9

Laundry:
	Women do laundry every couple of days.  A man will wear every article
of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight
years ago, before he will do his laundry.  When he is finally out of clothes,
he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain
of clothes to the laundromat.  Men always expect to meet beautiful women at
the laundromat.  This is a myth.

Nicknames:
	If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch,
they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.  But if
Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately
refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.

Socks:
	Men wear sensible socks.  They wear standard white sweatsocks.
Women wear strange socks.  They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures
of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.
"Unibus timeout fatal trap program lost sorry"
		-- An error message printed by DEC's RSTS operating system for the PDP-11
Green's Law of Debate:
	Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.
Yow!  I just went below the poverty line!
I BET WHAT HAPPENED was they discovered fire and invented the wheel on
the same day.  Then that night, they burned the wheel.
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
handshaking protocol, n:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
		-- motto of the Christopher Society
Guns don't kill people.  It's those damn bullets.  Guns just make them go
really really fast.
		-- Jake Johanson
YOU!!  Give me the CUTEST, PINKEST, most charming little VICTORIAN
DOLLHOUSE you can find!!  An make it SNAPPY!!
Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
The "cutting edge" is getting rather dull.
		-- Andy Purshottam
...very few phenomena can pull someone out of Deep Hack Mode, with two
noted exceptions: being struck by lightning, or worse, your *computer*
being struck by lightning.
		-- Matt Welsh
  This report is filled with omissions.
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of
pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell you
that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic
globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable.  I
can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado"
/* Halley */

	(Halley's comment.)
Landru! Guide us!
		-- A Beta 3-oid, "The Return of the Archons", stardate 3157.4
I put aside my copy of "BOWLING WORLD" and think about GUN CONTROL
legislation...
Law of Selective Gravity:
	An object will fall so as to do the most damage.

Jenning's Corollary:
	The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side
	down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.

Law of the Perversity of Nature:
	You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...
Why are programmers non-productive?
Because their time is wasted in meetings.

Why are programmers rebellious?
Because the management interferes too much.

Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Because they are burnt out.

Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants
and animals.  When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when
the lights go out, they turn into animals.  But then again, don't we all?
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal
that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they
ought to be.
		-- William Hazlitt
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
The prettiest women are almost always the most boring, and that is why
some people feel there is no God.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?
This fortune intentionally not included.
spagmumps, n.:
	Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order items.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
The Tao doesn't take sides;
it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Guru doesn't take sides;
she welcomes both hackers and lusers.

The Tao is like a stack:
the data changes but not the structure.
the more you use it, the deeper it becomes;
the more you talk of it, the less you understand.

Hold on to the root.
QOTD:
	"He eats like a bird... five times his own weight each day."
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish Proverb
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 6

proof by picture:
	A more convincing form of proof by example. Combines well
	with proof by omission.

proof by vehement assertion:
	It is useful to have some kind of authority relation to the
	audience.

proof by ghost reference:
	Nothing even remotely resembling the cited theorem appears in
	the reference given.

Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble
then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.
Clones are people two.
If the girl you love moves in with another guy once, it's more than enough.
Twice, it's much too much.  Three times, it's the story of your life.
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
'Twas midnight, and the UNIX hacks
Did gyre and gimble in their cave
All mimsy was the CS-VAX
And Cory raths outgrabe.

"Beware the software rot, my son!
The faults that bite, the jobs that thrash!
Beware the broken pipe, and shun
The frumious system crash!"
QOTD:
	Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE?
	Well, I treat mine like 'n AMUSEMENT PARK...  S'great...
"The Soviet Union, which has complained recently about alleged anti-Soviet
themes in American advertising, lodged an official protest this week against
the Ford Motor Company's new campaign: `Hey you stinking fat Russian, get
 off my Ford Escort.'"
		-- Dennis Miller, Saturday Night Live
My NOSE is NUMB!
This land is full of trousers!
this land is full of mausers!
	And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
		-- Firesign Theater
<Joy> Flinny: black crontab magic kinda stuff :)
<knghtbrd> Joy: does that mean people get to dance naked around bonfires
           chanting strange things and waving their arms about in a silly
           manner?
<rcw> knghtbrd: what do you *think* people do at novare?
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali
Earth Tones:
	A youthful subgroup interested in vegetarianism, tie-dyed
outfits, mild recreational drugs, and good stereo equipment.  Earnest,
frequently lacking in humor.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
Yow!  Is my fallout shelter termite proof?
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2
Variables don't; constants aren't.
Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!!
	Oh wait...
		I'm a computer, and you're a person.  It would never work out.
			Never mind.
"Just think of a computer as hardware you can program."
		-- Nigel de la Tierre
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
"I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this
 country what it once was... an arctic wilderness."
		-- Steve Martin
The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions
Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals:

As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of
logical blocks.  From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more
appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the
four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
. . .
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible
blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.  This line moves
parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge
of the hyper-cube.
Oh, when I was in love with you,
	Then I was clean and brave,
And miles around the wonder grew
	How well did I behave.

And now the fancy passes by,
	And nothing will remain,
And miles around they'll say that I
	Am quite myself again.
		-- A. E. Housman
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
		-- "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
Piece of cake!
		-- G. S. Koblas
Q:	How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
O.K., fine.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
QOTD:
	"I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
patent:
	A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.
LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing
	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outa here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
		-- Laurence J. Peter
I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just
a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more numbers!!
If I had a Q-TIP, I could prevent th' collapse of NEGOTIATIONS!!
Deadwood, n.:
	Anyone in your company who is more senior than you are.
San Francisco has always been my favorite booing city.  I don't mean the
people boo louder or longer, but there is a very special intimacy.  When
they boo you, you know they mean *you*.  Music, that's what it is to me.
One time in Kezar Stadium they gave me a standing boo.
		-- George Halas, professional football coach
	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"
I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould
"Speed is subsittute fo accurancy."
Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages.  And we can all
be counted on to live down to our lowest impulses.
		-- Parmen, "Plato's Stepchildren", stardate 5784.3
Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained
only by the disinclination of others to listen.  Reserve is an artificial
quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
		-- W. S. Maugham
In Newark the laundromats are open 24 hours a day!
Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magi LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is
admission to someone else.
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
The words fly away, the writings remain.
<zarkov> "NT 5.0.  All the bugs and ten times the code size!"
It's appositival, if it's there.  And it doesn't have to be there.
And it's really obvious that it's there when it's there.
		-- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way
before it is understood.
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Housework can kill you if done right.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Kaufman's Law:
	A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence
	of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
	Thy programs run, thy syscalls done,
	In kernel as it is in user!
Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding
environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a
round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.
-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well advised
	to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitious chores without interludes of hedonistic
	diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no congeries
	of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential escallation
	of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of fracturing
	osseous structure, but appellations will eternally remain innocuous.
Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading:  Was it done, is
it being done, or is something to be done?  Reports are now written in four
tenses:  past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense.  Watch for
novel uses of CONGRAM (CONtractor GRAMmar), defined by the imperfect past,
the insufficient present, and the absolutely perfect future.
		-- Amrom Katz
Hofstadter's Law:
	It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
	Hofstadter's Law into account.
99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk! ...
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one
of the risks he takes.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Are we live or on tape?
Seen on a button at an SF Convention:
Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force.  1990-1951.
I'm serious about thinking through all the possibilities before we
settle on anything.  All things have the advantages of their
disadvantages, and vice versa.
		-- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
"No job too big; no fee too big!"
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghost-busters"
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
		-- Frank Zappa
"A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,
let alone discuss with prospective clients.  Still, the fact remains that
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,
completely immune to any direct magical spell.  It is for this group of
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club
near your person at all times."
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Include me out.
I am amazed that no-one's based a commercial distribution on Debian
yet - it is by far the most solid UNIX-like OS I've ever installed,
and I've played with HP/UX, Solaris, FreeBSD, BSDi, and SCO (not to
mention OS/2, Novell, Win95/NT)
		-- Nathan E. Norman
My BIOLOGICAL ALARM CLOCK just went off ... It has noiseless DOZE
FUNCTION and full kitchen!!
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
gyroscope, n.:
	A wheel or disk mounted to spin rapidly about an axis and also
	free to rotate about one or both of two axes perpindicular to
	each other and the axis of spin so that a rotation of one of the
	two mutually perpendicular axes results from application of
	torque to the other when the wheel is spinning and so that the
	entire apparatus offers considerable opposition depending on
	the angular momentum to any torque that would change the direction
	of the axis of spin.
		-- Webster's Seventh New Collegiate Dictionary
Yielding

Nothing in the world is as soft and yielding as water,
Yet nothing can better overcome the hard and strong,
For they can neither control nor do away with it.
The soft overcomes the hard,
The yielding overcomes the strong;
Every person knows this,
But no one can practice it.
Who attends to the people would control the land and grain;
Who attends to the state would control the whole world;
Truth is easily hidden by rhetoric.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
The Gordian Maxim:
	If a string has one end, it has another.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I
cannot remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to
go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield
My father was a God-fearing man, but he never missed a copy of the
New York Times, either.
		-- E. B. White
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
When my fist clenches crack it open,
Before I use it and lose my cool.
When I smile tell me some bad news,
Before I laugh and act like a fool.

And if I swallow anything evil,
Put you finger down my throat.
And if I shiver please give me a blanket,
Keep me warm let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like to be the bad man,
	to be the sad man.
Behind blue eyes.
No one knows what its like to be hated,
	to be fated,
To telling only lies.
		-- The Who
... he dominates the DECADENT SUBWAY SCENE.
To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb
"All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is
constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role
they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume."
		-- Noam Chomsky
The covers of this book are too far apart.
		-- Book review by Ambrose Bierce.
	"How many people work here?"
	"Oh, about half."
It's all in the mind, ya know.
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny
The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
		-- Alexander Pope
CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn
Checking host system type...
i586-unknown-linux
configure: error: sorry, this is the gnu os, not linux
		-- Topic on #Linux
Mr. DePree also expects a "tremendous social change" in all workplaces.  "When
I first started working 40 years ago, a factory supervisor was focused on the
product.  Today it is drastically different, because of the social milieu.
It isn't unusual for a worker to arrive on his shift and have some family
problem that he doesn't know how to resolve.  The example I like to use is a
guy who comes in and says 'this isn't going to be a good day for me, my son
is in jail on a drunk-driving charge and I don't know how to raise bail.'
What that means is that if the supervisor wants productivity, he has to know
how to raise bail."
-- Max DePree, chairman and CEO of Herman Miller Inc., "Herman Miller's
   Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
I ask only one thing.  I'm understanding.  I'm mature.  And it isn't much to
ask.  I want to get back to London, and track her down, and be alone with my
Selina -- or not even alone, damn it, merely close to her, close enough to
smell her skin, to see the flecked webbing of her lemony eyes, the moulding
of her artful lips.  Just for a few precious seconds.  Just long enough to
put in one good, clean punch.  That's all I ask.
		-- Martin Amis, _Money_
"Who alone has reason to *lie himself out* of actuality?  He who *suffers*
 from it."
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
But you'll notice Perl has a goto.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
* liw prefers not to have Linus run Debian, because then /me would
  have to run Red Hat, just to keep the power balance :)
		-- #Debian
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a
fundamental error.  Be thankful you are not my student.  You would not get a
high grade for such a design :-)
(Andrew Tanenbaum to Linus Torvalds)
Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.
He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
		-- Ring Lardner
Wherever you go...There you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai
Q:	How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to assure everyone that everything possible is being
	done while the other screws the bulb into the water faucet.
e-credibility: the non-guaranteeable likelihood that the electronic data
you're seeing is genuine rather than somebody's made-up crap.
		-- Karl Lehenbauer
He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the fence."
I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
		-- Solomon Short
<Culus> And don't get me started on perl!
<Culus> :>
<shaleh> perl is beyond evil
<jim> you don't know perl yet?
<netgod> gotta love a language with no definable syntax
Quid me anxius sum?

[ What? Me, worry? ]
Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
QOTD:
	"It's been Monday all week today."
<Kensey> RMS for President???
<RelDrgn> ...or ESR, he wants a new job ;)
Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.  I myself would
say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.
Go on, EMOTE!  I was RAISED on thought balloons!!
There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
		-- Lord Thomas Rober Dewar
<Knghtbrd> This font is starting to come out very nicely
<stu> Knghtbrd: oh dear, are you hacking up another quake font in vi? :)
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the
bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.  It seems
almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the
oyster.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
NANCY!!  Why is everything RED?!
No plain fanfold paper could hold that fractal Puff --
He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough.
Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame
And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame.
	(refrain)
Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails
And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail.
All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff
But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, "Enough!"
	(refrain)
Puff used more resources than DCS could spare.
The operator killed Puff's job -- he didn't seem to care.
A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end,
But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again!
	(refrain)
Refrain:
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.
	Puff the fractal dragon was written in C,
	And frolicked while processes switched in mainframe memory.
Drilling for oil is boring.
Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?
No one may kill a man.  Not for any purpose.  It cannot be condoned.
		-- Kirk, "Spock's Brain", stardate 5431.6
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
>Ever heard of .cshrc?
That's a city in Bosnia.  Right?
		-- Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands
	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery
	... by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The amount of weight an evangelist carries with the almighty is measured
in billigrahams.
The distinction between Freedom and Liberty is not accurately known;
naturalists have been unable to find a living specimen of either.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
		-- Chinese proverb
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable,
must be the truth.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"
<Knghtbrd> glDisable (GL_BUGS);
<Endy> heh
<Endy> Is that in 1.2? :)
If you write something wrong enough, I'll be glad to make up a new
witticism just for you.
		-- Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A. E. Housman
"I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.M. tomorrow,
or I'll have your guts for spaghetti."
		-- a comic panel by Cotham
narcolepulacyi, n.:
	The contagious action of yawning, causing everyone in sight
	to also yawn.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
		-- Don Marquis
Results vary by individual.
I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall
QOTD:
	"Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies."
We want to create puppets that pull their own strings.
		-- Ann Marion
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
		-- MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Those who do things in a noble spirit of self-sacrifice are to be avoided
at all costs.
		-- N. Alexander.
Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer... and you'd better
not refuse.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and
the real reason.
People disagree with me.  I just ignore them.
		-- Linus Torvalds, regarding the use of C++ for the Linux kernel
Life is like a tin of sardines.  We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...
	If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end
	across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
QOTD:
	Silence is the only virtue he has left.
Beauty, brains, availability, personality; pick any two.
transfer, n.:
	A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.
"I am ready to meet my Maker.  Whether my Maker is prepared for the
great ordeal of meeting me is another matter."
		-- Winston Churchill
"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."
We use Linux for all our mission-critical applications. Having the source code
means that we are not held hostage by anyone's support department.
(Russell Nelson, President of Crynwr Software)
[regarding measures to prevent cheating in quake]
I mean, as long as I can make my rocket launcher look like a big twinkie,
I'll be happy ;)
		-- Qeyser <keyser@jhu.edu>
Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
		-- Kirk, "The Trouble with Tribbles", stardate 4525.6
Walt:	Dad, what's gradual school?
Garp:	Gradual school?
Walt:	Yeah.  Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching
	gradual school.
Garp:	Oh.  Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually
	find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
		-- The World According To Garp
Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
"What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant.
	"All depends," the native drawled.  "Do you mean by them that has
to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or
by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms
for a short spell?"
It was a JOKE!!  Get it??  I was receiving messages from DAVID LETTERMAN!!
YOW!!
Q:	Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
A:	Because every morning they wake up thinking "What *is* that noise?
	Oh, right, *of course*!
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions.  The curtain
was up.
<Joy> wow... simple maths show that Debian developers have closed more
      than *31* *thousand* bug reports since our BTS exists!
<Joy> that is about 30999 more than Microsoft ;)
Faster, faster, you fool, you fool!
		-- Bill Cosby
"Luke, I'm yer father, eh.  Come over to the dark side, you hoser."
		-- Dave Thomas, "Strange Brew"
Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of
Reformation.  In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe,
worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with "icons."  All is sound and
imagery and Appledom.  Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic
typefaces.  The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in
the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.  A central
corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
Infalliable doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs
in a sealed boardroom.  Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the
offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.  The expelled heretic founds
a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer,
then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.  The mother
company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological
competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's
orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
		-- Edward Mendelson, "The New Republic", February 22, 1988
The Tao is like a glob pattern:
used but never used up.
It is like the extern void:
filled with infinite possibilities.

It is masked but always present.
I don't know who built to it.
It came before the first kernel.
That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the
ocean level wouldn't cure.
		-- Ross MacDonald
Look ere ye leap.
		-- John Heywood
	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."
I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.
Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.
Women are more easily and more deeply terrified ... generating more
sheer horror than the male of the species.
		-- Spock, "Wolf in the Fold", stardate 3615.4
Deliberation, n.:
	The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is
	buttered on.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World
War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
		-- Albert Einstein
Fuch's Warning:
	If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't well
	enough to travel.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Paul Erlich
Walt:	Dad, what's gradual school?
Garp:	Gradual school?
Walt:	Yeah.  Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching
	gradual school.
Garp:	Oh.  Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually
	find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
		-- The World According To Garp
An evil mind is a great comfort.
All good ideas look like bad ideas to those who are losers.
		-- Dilbert
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
		-- Herbert Hoover
Kettering's Observation:
	Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
"Ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear
strapped to your butt?"
   "No."
"'Course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek."
-- The Mountain Man, one of Dana Carvey's SNL characters
[ditto]
Elbonics, n.:
	The actions of two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie
	theatre.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
If people see that you mean them no harm, they'll never hurt you, nine
times out of ten!
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #2.

^Cu tiu loko estas okupita?		Is this seat taken?
^Cu vi ofte venas ^ci-tien?		Do you come here often?
^Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron?	May I have your phone number?
Mi estas komputilisto.			I work with computers.
Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio.	I read a lot of science fiction.
^Cu necesas ke vi eliras?		Do you really have to be going?
Whether you can hear it or not,
The Universe is laughing behind your back.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
		-- Sigmund Freud
Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.
Burn's Hog Weighing Method:
	(1) Get a perfectly symmetrical plank and balance it across a sawhorse.
	(2) Put the hog on one end of the plank.
	(3) Pile rocks on the other end until the plank is again perfectly
	    balanced.
	(4) Carefully guess the weight of the rocks.
		-- Robert Burns
A "No" uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a
"Yes" merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain
It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
		-- Mae West
Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
		-- Woody Allen, "Hannah and Her Sisters"
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _____there.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance. Kites rise
against the wind, not with it.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up
the pillow was gone.
		-- Tommy Cooper
Send your questions to ``ASK ZIPPY'', Box 40474, San Francisco, CA
94140, USA
<SilverStr> media ethics is an oxymoron, much like Jumbo Shrimp and
            Microsoft Works.
<MonkAway> not to mention NT Security
"Seed me, Seymour"
		-- a random number generator meets the big green mother from outer space
QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."
Valerie: Aww, Tom, you're going maudlin on me ...
Tom:	 I reserve the right to wax maudlin as I wane eloquent ...
		-- Tom Chapin
It was pity stayed his hand.
"Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito.
		-- _Bored_of_the_Rings_, a Harvard Lampoon parody of Tolkein
Q:	What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
A:	A crisp salad, a hearty soup, a lovely entree, followed by
	a delicious dessert.
I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez
"Mr. Watson, come here, I want you."   -- Alexander Graham Bell
Ocean:  A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man --
who has no gills.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of
arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical
world.  One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by
the use of the mathematics of probability.
		-- Vannevar Bush
Largest Number of Driving Test Failures
	By April 1970 Mrs. Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine
times.  In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and
twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.  She set the new record while
driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield,
Yorkshire.  Disappointingly, she passed at the fortieth attempt (3 August
1970) but eight years later she showed some of her old magic when she was
reported as saying that she still didn't like doing right-hand turns.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised, for the mutual
stoppage of speech at a moment when words are superfluous.
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #9

THE PARKING PROBLEM IN PARIS:	Jean-Luc Godard, 1971, 7 hours 18 min.

	Godard's meditation on the topic has been described as
	everything from "timeless" to "endless."  (Remade by Gene
	Wilder as NO PLACE TO PARK.)
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could
know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller.
To live is always desirable.
		-- Eleen the Capellan, "Friday's Child", stardate 3498.9
Chapter 2:  Newtonian Growth and Decay

	The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by
Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg.  His idea was to provide an equation
that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never
quite reach zero.  Historically, he was merely trying to work out his
mortgage.  Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define
a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity.  This equation
can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human
race in general.
You lived with a man who wore white belts?  Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
		-- Remington Steele
The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
		-- Oscar Wilde
"I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night."
Friction is a drag.
Poverty begins at home.
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...
The appreciation of the average visual graphisticator alone is worth
the whole suaveness and decadence which abounds!!
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
Life is a POPULARITY CONTEST!  I'm REFRESHINGLY CANDID!!
	A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.  After he had
made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he
would like on it.  "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the
lawyer.
	"Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter.  "In this
state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.  However,
I could put ``here lies an honest lawyer'', if that would be okay."
	"But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer.
	"Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter.  "people will read it
and exclaim, "That's Strange!"
	It appears that after his death, Albert Einstein found himself
working as the doorkeeper at the Pearly Gates.  One slow day, he
found that he had time to chat with the new entrants.  To the first one
he asked, "What's your IQ?"  The new arrival replied, "190".  They
discussed Einstein's theory of relativity for hours.  When the second
new arrival came, Einstein once again inquired as to the newcomer's
IQ.  The answer this time came "120".  To which Einstein replied, "Tell
me, how did the Cubs do this year?" and they proceeded to talk for half
an hour or so.  To the final arrival, Einstein once again posed the
question, "What's your IQ?".  Upon receiving the answer "70",
Einstein smiled and replied, "Got a minute to tell me about VMS 4.0?"
I don't understand you anymore.
Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
The more the merrier.
		-- John Heywood
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn
what it is I'll get married again.
		-- Clint Eastwood
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Squirming:
	Discomfort inflicted on young people by old people who see no
irony in their gestures.  "Karen died a thousand deaths as her father
made a big show of tasting a recently manufactured bottle of wine
before allowing it to be poured as the family sat in Steak Hut.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
Some of the most interesting documents from Sweden's middle ages are the
old county laws (well, we never had counties but it's the nearest equivalent
I can find for "landskap").  These laws were written down sometime in the
13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.  The oldest one is
the Vastgota law which clearly has pagan influences, thinly covered with some
Christian stuff.  In this law, we find a page about "lekare", which is the
Old Norse word for a performing artist, actor/jester/musician etc.  Here is
an approximate translation, where I have written "artist" as equivalent of
"lekare".
	"If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.  If an artist
	is wounded, one such who goes with hurdie-gurdie or travels with
	fiddle or drum, then the people shall take a wild heifer and bring
	it out on the hillside.  Then they shall shave off all hair from the
	heifer's tail, and grease the tail.  Then the artist shall be given
	newly greased shoes.  Then he shall take hold of the heifer's tail,
	and a man shall strike it with a sharp whip.  If he can hold her, he
	shall have the animal.  If he cannot hold her, he shall endure what
	he received, shame and wounds."
Walt:	Dad, what's gradual school?
Garp:	Gradual school?
Walt:	Yeah.  Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching
	gradual school.
Garp:	Oh.  Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually
	find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
		-- The World According To Garp
I THINK MAN INVENTED THE CAR by instinct.
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the
whole field to private industry.
		-- Joseph Heller
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate the difference between one
young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"
David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":
	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II like some
	    countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast
Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
		-- John Sloan
The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
		-- John Donne
Do what you can to prolong your life, in the hope that someday you'll
learn what it's for.
A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such
a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now.  But the
sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will
know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
Obviously your filters are throwing away mail from Randal.  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <199710221937.MAA25131@wall.org>
The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a
tedious book.
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]

Kill Ugly Radio
		-- Frank Zappa
Whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
Once you've tried to change the world you find it's a whole bunch easier
to change your mind.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan.  We may as well think of
rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant.  -- Edmund Burke
"Lying lips are abomination to the Lord; but they that deal truly are his
 delight.
 A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
 He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto
 him.
 Be not a witness against thy neighbor without cause; and deceive not with
 thy lips.
 Death and life are in the power of the tongue."
		-- Proverbs, some selections from the Jewish Scripture
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
Too much is not enough.
What they say:				What they mean:

A major technological breakthrough...	Back to the drawing board.
Developed after years of research	Discovered by pure accident.
Project behind original schedule due	We're working on something else.
	to unforeseen difficulties
Designs are within allowable limits	We made it, stretching a point or two.
Customer satisfaction is believed	So far behind schedule that they'll be
	assured					grateful for anything at all.
Close project coordination		We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
Test results were extremely gratifying	It works, and boy, were we surprised!
The design will be finalized...		We haven't started yet, but we've got
						to say something.
The entire concept has been rejected	The guy who designed it quit.
We're moving forward with a fresh	We hired three new guys, and they're
	approach				kicking it around.
A number of different approaches...	We don't know where we're going, but
						we're moving.
Preliminary operational tests are	Blew up when we turned it on.
	inconclusive
Modifications are underway		We're starting over.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the
future.
This kernel runs like a dessicated slug if you have more than 2G of memory
due to a 32-bit overflow.

		-- Andrew Morton, on Linux 2.6.8-rc1-mm1
It's clever, but is it art?
Review Questions

(1) If Nerd on the planet Nutley starts out in his spaceship at 20 KPH,
    and his speed doubles every 3.2 seconds, how long will it be before
    he exceeds the speed of light?  How long will it be before the
    Galactic Patrol picks up the pieces of his spaceship?

(2) If Roger Rowdy wrecks his car every week, and each week he breaks
    twice as many bones as before, how long will it be before he breaks
    every bone in his body?  How long will it be before they cut off
    his insurance?  Where does he get a new car every week?

(3) If Johnson drinks one beer the first hour (slow start), four beers
    the next hour, nine beers the next, etc., and stacks the cans in a
    pyramid, how soon will Johnson's pyramid be larger than King
    Tut's?  When will it fall on him?  Will he notice?
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
"They make a desert and call it peace."
		-- Tacitus (55?-120?)
The Great Movie Posters:

HOT STEEL BETWEEN THEIR LEGS!
		-- The Cycle Savages (1969)

The Hand that Rocks the Cradle...   Has no Flesh on It!
		-- Who Slew Auntie Roo? (1971)

TWO GREAT BLOOD HORRORS TO RIP OUT YOUR GUTS!
		-- I Eat Your Skin & I Drink Your Blood (1971 double-bill)

They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
		-- The Corpse Grinders (1971)
There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus
Software is like sex, it's better when it's free.     -- Linus Torvalds
To program is to be.
Beauty?  What's that?
		-- Larry Wall in <199710221937.MAA25131@wall.org>
The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional
to the number of bugs in their code.
Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
	there is nothing important to do.
My experience with government is when things are non-controversial, beautifully
co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much is going on.
		-- J. F. Kennedy
Lieberman's Law:
	Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Barometer, n.:
	An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we
	are having.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
... of course, this probably only happens for tcsh which uses wait4(),
which is why I never saw it.  Serves people who use that abomination
right 8^)
		-- Linus Torvalds, about a patch that fixes getrusage for 1.3.26
* dark greets liw with a small yellow frog.
* liw kisses the frog and watches it transform to a beautiful nerd
  girl, takes her out to ice cream, and lives happily forever after
  with her
<dark> liw: Umm it's too late to have the frog back?
"One of the problems I've always had with propaganda pamphlets is that they're
real boring to look at.  They're just badly designed.  People from the left
often are very well-intended, but they never had time to take basic design
classes, you know?"
		-- Art Spiegelman
"This isn't brain surgery; it's just television."
		-- David Letterman
In the midst of one of the wildest parties he'd ever been to, the young man
noticed a very prim and pretty girl sitting quietly apart from the rest of
the revelers.  Approaching her, he introduced himself and, after some quiet
conversation, said, "I'm afraid you and I don't really fit in with this
jaded group.  Why don't I take you home?""
	"Fine," said the girl, smiling up at him demurely.  "Where do you live?"
Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.
fortune: No such file or directory
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke
List at least two alternate dates.
Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?
	"What happened to the crewman?"
	"The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in
the way."
		-- Kirk and Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer",
		   stardate 4731.3.
Bradyism:
	A multisibling sensibility derived from having grown up in
large families.  A rarity in those born after approximately 1965,
symptoms of Bradyism include a facility for mind games, emotional
withdrawal in situations of overcrowding, and a deeply felt need for a
well-defined personal space.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
You humans are all alike.
* Culus thinks we should go to trade shows and see how many people we
  can kill by throwing debian cds at them
Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N. R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	(1) The bigger the theory, the better.
	(2) The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.
The garden is in mourning;
The rain falls cool among the flowers.
Summer shivers quietly
On its way towards its end.

Golden leaf after leaf
Falls from the tall acacia.
Summer smiles, astonished, feeble,
In this dying dream of a garden.

For a long while, yet, in the roses,
She will linger on, yearning for peace,
And slowly
Close her weary eyes.
		-- Hermann Hesse, "September"
QOTD:
	How can I miss you if you won't go away?
Do not flush.
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.
The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
		-- Chester Gould/Dick Tracy
Let's say the docs present a simplified view of reality...    :-)
		-- Larry Wall in  <6940@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
There's no time like the pleasant.
The prettiest women are almost always the most boring, and that is why
some people feel there is no God.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
		-- Will Harvey
A feed salesman is on his way to a farm.  As he's driving along at forty
m.p.h., he looks out his car window and sees a three-legged chicken running
alongside him, keeping pace with his car.  He is amazed that a chicken is
running at forty m.p.h.  So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty
m.p.h.  The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly
takes off and disappears into the distance.
	The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, "You know,
the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least
sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!"
	"Yeah," the farmer replies, "that chicken was ours.  You see, there's
me, and there's Ma, and there's our son Billy.  Whenever we had chicken for
dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens.
So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could
have a drumstick."
	"How do they taste?" said the farmer.
	"Don't know," replied the farmer.  "We haven't been able to catch
one yet."
Velilind's Laws of Experimentation:
	(1) If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once.
	(2) If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
"I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't, because if I liked it I'd
eat it, and I just hate it."
		-- Clarence Darrow
Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick
your hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as
Mental Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry
Life in this society being, at best, an utter bore and no aspect of society
being at all relevant to women, there remains to civic-minded responsible
thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, eliminate the money
system, institute complete automation and destroy the male sex.
		-- Valerie Solanas
Stay together, drag each other down.
Shame is an improper emotion invented by pietists to oppress the human race.
		-- Robert Preston, Toddy, "Victor/Victoria"
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine
The code also assumes that it's difficult to misspell "a" or "b".  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <199710221731.KAA24396@wall.org>
This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard
dying... but nobody thought so.  This was a future of fortune and theft,
pillage and rapine, culture and vice... but nobody admitted it.
		-- Alfred Bester, "The Stars My Destination"
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no
guarantee of eventual success.
like:
	When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.
And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen to you.
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis Ritchie
Yow!  I threw up on my window!
As some day it may happen that a victim must be found
I've got a little list -- I've got a little list
Of society offenders who might well be underground
And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
		-- Koko, "The Mikado"
Linus:	I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow.  Maybe
	we should think only about today.
Charlie Brown:
	No, that's giving up.  I'm still hoping that yesterday will get
	better.
For reservations, call your travel agent.
Goda's Truism:
	By the time you get to the point where you can make ends meet,
	somebody moves the ends.
<Mercury> LordHavoc: I'm already insane.
<Coderjoe> damn straight. or curvy, crooked, or what have you
Van Roy's Law:
	An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the
technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
		-- Edsger Dijkstra
To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus
CONGRATULATIONS!  Now should I make thinly veiled comments about
DIGNITY, self-esteem and finding TRUE FUN in your RIGHT VENTRICLE??
Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas
The prettiest women are almost always the most boring, and that is why
some people feel there is no God.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
Semper Fi, dude.
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)
Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
		-- Henry Adams
You may have heard that a dean is to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
		-- Alfred Kahn
< asuffield> fibre in the US is such a joke. in the civilized parts of
             the world, DSL *starts* at the speeds where US fibre lets off
< joshk> asuffield: australia is a nation full of savages?
< asuffield> joshk: they've got about one 9600 modem between the whole
             damn country
		-- in #debian-devel
Staff meeting in the conference room in %d minutes.
Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.  Hardware has
limitations, software doesn't.  It's a real shame that Turing machines are
so poor at I/O.
Children are unpredictable.  You never know what inconsistency they're
going to catch you in next.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
The First Rule of Program Optimization:
	Don't do it.

The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!):
	Don't do it yet.
		-- Michael Jackson
What I tell you three times is true.
		-- Lewis Carroll
* Espy ponders an uplad queue called 'hell' so I can do dupload --to hell
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves
up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
		-- Winston Churchill
Linus' Law:
	There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
So many beautiful women and so little time.
		-- John Barrymore
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
PURGE COMPLETE.
<Knghtbrd> you people are all insane.
<Joey> knight: sure, that's why we work on Debian.
<JHM> Knghtbrd: get in touch with your inner nutcase.
What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- R. Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
		 (  /\__________/\  )
		  \(^ @___..___@ ^)/
		   /\ (\/\/\/\/) /\
		  /  \(/\/\/\/\)/  \
		-(    """"""""""    )
		  \      _____      /
		  (     /(   )\     )
		  _)   (_V) (V_)   (_
		 (V)(V)(V)   (V)(V)(V)
Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
		-- Marvin Minsky
I need to discuss BUY-BACK PROVISIONS with at least six studio SLEAZEBALLS!!
In the early morning queue,
With a listing in my hand.
With a worry in my heart,	There on terminal number 9,
Waitin' here in CERAS-land.	Pascal run all set to go.
I'm a long way from sleep,	But I'm waitin' in the queue,
How I miss a good meal so.	With this code that ever grows.
In the early mornin' queue,	Now the lobby chairs are soft,
With no place to go.		But that can't make the queue move fast.
				Hey, there it goes my friend,
				I've moved up one at last.
		-- Ernest Adams, "Early Morning Queue", to "Early
		   Morning Rain" by G. Lightfoot
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
		-- Stephens
To follow foolish precedents, and wink
With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
		-- William Cowper
QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
To avoid suffocation, keep away from children.
Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain
Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
		-- Ann Landers
        [May one] doubt whether, in cheese and timber, worms are generated,
        or, if beetles and wasps, in cow-dung, or if butterflies, locusts,
        shellfish, snails, eels, and such life be procreated of putrefied
        matter, which is to receive the form of that creature to which it
        is by formative power disposed[?]  To question this is to question
        reason, sense, and experience.  If he doubts this, let him go to
        Egypt, and there he will find the fields swarming with mice begot
        of the mud of the Nylus, to the great calamity of the inhabitants.
                A seventeenth century opinion quoted by L. L. Woodruff,
                in *The Evolution of Earth and Man*, 1929
Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.
Then there was the ScoutMaster who got a fantastic deal on this case of
Tates brand compasses for his troup; only $1.25 each!  Only problem was,
when they got them out in the woods, the compasses were all stuck pointing
to the "W" on the dial.

Moral:
	He who has a Tates is lost!
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."
XLI:
	The more one produces, the less one gets.
XLII:
	Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
XLIII:
	Hardware works best when it matters the least.
XLIV:
	Aircraft flight in the 21st century will always be in a westerly
	direction, preferably supersonic, crossing time zones to provide the
	additional hours needed to fix the broken electronics.
XLV:
	One should expect that the expected can be prevented, but the
	unexpected should have been expected.
XLVI:
	A billion saved is a billion earned.
		-- Norman Augustine
Include me out.
Be sure each item is properly endorsed.
Either CONFESS now or we go to "PEOPLE'S COURT"!!
Would you *______really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
		-- George Carlin
And we can always supply them with a program that makes identical files
into links to a single file.
		-- Larry Wall in <199709292012.NAA09616@wall.org>
does your DRESSING ROOM have enough ASPARAGUS?
"Even if you want no state, or a minimal state, then you still have to
argue it point by point.  Especially since most minimalists want to
keep exactly the economic and police system that keeps them
privileged.  That's libertarians for you -- anarchists who want police
protection from their slaves!"
		-- Coyote, in Kim Stanley Robinson's "Green Mars"
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?
"You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a plowshare,
your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture"
		-- Business Professor, University of Georgia
If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other, there
better be no trade.  A trade by which one gains and the other loses is a fraud.
		-- Dagny Taggart, "Atlas Shrugged"
beta test, v:
	To voluntarily entrust one's data, one's livelihood and one's
	sanity to hardware or software intended to destroy all three.
	In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.
"It's curtains for you, Mighty Mouse!  This gun is so futuristic that even
*I* don't know how it works!"
		-- from Ralph Bakshi's Mighty Mouse
God is real, unless declared integer.
"Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will
fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines."
		-- Bertrand Russell
Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
The most important early product on the way to developing a good product
is an imperfect version.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
		-- Daniel J. Boorstin
Today is what happened to yesterday.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
   It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. . . .Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
		-- Fred Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"
An ancient proverb summed it up: when a wizard is tired of looking for
broken glass in his dinner, it ran, he is tired of life.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
"Been through Hell?  Whaddya bring back for me?"
		-- A. Brilliant
"You stay here, Audrey -- this is between me and the vegetable!"
		-- Seymour, from _Little Shop Of Horrors_
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain
Mind

The Way bears sensation,
Sensation bears memory,
Sensation and memory bear abstraction,
And abstraction bears all the world;
Each thing in the world bears feeling and doing,
And, imbued with mind, harmony with the Way.
As others have taught, so do I teach,
"Who loses harmony opposes nature";
This is the root of my teaching.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
The time spent on any item of the agenda [of a finance committee] will be
in inverse proportion to the sum involved.
		-- C. N. Parkinson
Klatu barada nikto.
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
		-- Lewis Carroll
Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #36:
	Never ever ask the tough looking gentleman wearing El Rukn headgear
	where he got his "pyramid powered pizza warmer".
		-- Chicago Reader 3/27/81
Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know
what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
		-- Bertrand Russell
The last person who said that (God rest his soul) lived to regret it.
A comment on schedules:
 Ok, how long will it take?
   For each manager involved in initial meetings add one month.
   For each manager who says "data flow analysis" add another month.
   For each unique end-user type add one month.
   For each unknown software package to be employed add two months.
   For each unknown hardware device add two months.
   For each 100 miles between developer and installation add one month.
   For each type of communication channel add one month.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on a non-IBM
      system add 6 months.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on an IBM
      system add 9 months.
Round up to the nearest half-year.
--Brad Sherman
By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping.
Some companies call their prototypes "releases", that's all.
If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced
in it.  People in disguise speak freely.
I BET WHAT HAPPENED was they discovered fire and invented the wheel on
the same day.  Then that night, they burned the wheel.
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
Perhaps the RBLing (Realtime Black Hole) of msn.com recently, which
prevented a large amount of mail going out for about 4 days, has had a
positive influence in Redmond.  They did agree to work on their anti-relay
capabilities at their POPs to get the RBL lifted.
		-- Bill Campbell on Smail3-users
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
<Knghtbrd> Even with overbrights, Quake's color palette is full of dull,
           flat colors
<LordHavoc> knghtbrd: quake's palette is very vibrant unless you use gamma
            correction
<LordHavoc> well actually I agree, it's nowhere near as vibrant as Unreal
<Deek> Q3 on the other hand...NEON.
<LordHavoc> Q3 is just ridiculous
<Deek> Q3 takes the medieval church-dungeon and puts it in Vegas.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three
parts dead.
		-- Bertrand Russell
Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens
* seeS uses knghtbrd's comments as his signature
<knghtbrd> seeS: as soon as I typed them I realized I'd better snip them
           myself before someone else did  ;>
Do you have lysdexia?
In most countries selling harmful things like drugs is punishable.
Then howcome people can sell Microsoft software and go unpunished?
		-- Hasse Skrifvars, hasku@rost.abo.fi,
Make a wish, it might come true.
Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor.
		-- Dr. Phillip Boyce, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"),
		   stardate unknown.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
	"The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff
and blow, "is to learn something.  That's the only thing that never fails.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at
night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love,
you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your
honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for
it then -- to learn.  Learn why the world wags and what wags it.  That is
the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be
tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting.  Learning
is the only thing for you.  Look what a lot of things there are to learn."
		-- T. H. White, "The Once and Future King"
Consultant, n.:
	Someone who'd rather climb a tree and tell a lie than stand on
	the ground and tell the truth.
Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
		-- Carl Sandburg
It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
		-- Albert Anastasia
When it's dark enough you can see the stars.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson,
micro:
	Thinker toys.
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar, The Art of the Soluble
There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.  I
believe everything positively stinks.
		-- Lew Col
Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American:
	Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent which
	is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city can
	ever hope to acquire it.
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is
lightheartedly.
The problem here (as someon else stated) is that when multiple dists
use the same package format it only gives a "false sense of compatibility".
		-- Stephen Carpenter <sjc@delphi.com>
Go placidly amid the noise and waste,
And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Rotate your tires.
Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself,
And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys.
Know what to kiss -- and when.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right,
But that three do.
Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment,
And despite the changing fortunes of time,
There is always a big future in computer maintenance.

	You are a fluke of the universe ...
	You have no right to be here.
	Whether you can hear it or not, the universe
	Is laughing behind your back.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
Dave Mack:	"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
Allen Gwinn:	"Yours is."
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III
"Pull the trigger and you're garbage."
		-- Lady Blue
New England Life, of course.  Why do you ask?
We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie
"Elvis is my copilot."
		-- Cal Keegan
Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.
Till then we shall be content to admit openly, what you (religionists)
whisper under your breath or hide in technical jargon, that the ancient
secret is a secret still; that man knows nothing of the Infinite and
Absolute; and that, knowing nothing, he had better not be dogmatic about
his ignorance.  And, meanwhile, we will endeavour to be as charitable as
possible, and whilst you trumpet forth officially your contempt for our
skepticism, we will at least try to believe that you are imposed upon
by your own bluster.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "An agnostic's Apology", Fortnightly Review, 1876
"Time is money and money can't buy you love and I love your outfit"
		-- T.H.U.N.D.E.R. #1
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo
  I'm not going to say, "I told you so."
Are you making all this up as you go along?
If you give a man enough rope, he'll claim he's tied up at the office.
VI:
	A hungry dog hunts best.
	A hungrier dog hunts even better.
VII:
	Decreased business base increases overhead.
	So does increased business base.
VIII:
	The most unsuccessful four years in the education of a cost-estimator
	is fifth grade arithmetic.
IX:
	Acronyms and abbreviations should be used to the maximum extent
	possible to make trivial ideas profound.  Q.E.D.
X:
	Bulls do not win bull fights; people do.
	People do not win people fights; lawyers do.
		-- Norman Augustine
When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.  As to
why he then stopped there are two opinions.  One of them is woman's.
		-- DeGourmont
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
What's this stuff about people being "released on their own recognizance"?
Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
"He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions."
To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly
strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three,
and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace
and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
A word that strikes no pleasure?  Cast it out!
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
A lazy phrase? Discard it, shrug off doubt,
and choose more docile words to take its part.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain,
by making love directly to the brain.
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
		-- Billy Rose
The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
		-- Robert Heinlein
I've run DOOM more in the last few days than I have the last few
months.  I just love debugging ;-)
(Linus Torvalds)
The Unixverse ends on Tue, 19 Jan 2038 03:14:07 +0000
[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria and
of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not spring
from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods, or of means
of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in millions of
individuals in system functions which, once they have reached the event
maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology engaging a suitable
stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general, president, political
party, etc.) to consummate the act of social schizophrenia in mass genocide.
We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim
Riches:  A gift from Heaven signifying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I
am well pleased."
		-- John D. Rockefeller, (slander by Ambrose Bierce)
The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be broken.
There is no such thing as an ugly woman -- there are only the ones who do
not know how to make themselves attractive.
		-- Christian Dior
What is status?
	Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.

Uh, no...
	Status is when the President calls you in to discuss a
	problem with him.

Uh, that still ain't right...
	STATUS is when you're in the Oval Office talking to the President,
	and the phone rings.  The President picks it up, listens for a
	minute, and hands it to you, saying, "It's for you."
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!!  Too late...
Marriage is not merely sharing the fettucine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettucine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin
	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
	"I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- A. Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"
But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's
listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of umitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickel the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"
Poorochrondria:
	Hypochrondria derived from not having medical insurance.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know
how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson
Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios, mixers,
etc., for granted, hundreds of years ago people did not have any of these
things, which is just as well because there was no place to plug them in.
Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer, Benjamin Franklin, who flew a
kite in a lighting storm and received a serious electrical shock.  This
proved that lighting was powered by the same force as carpets, but it also
damaged Franklin's brain so severely that he started speaking only in
incomprehensible maxims, such as "A penny saved is a penny earned."
Eventually he had to be given a job running the post office.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"
The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"
They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
		-- The Duke of Wellington, on early steam railroads.
intaxication:
	Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize
it was your money to start with.
The term "fire" brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene
of shooting employees who make mistakes.  We will now refer to this process
as "deleting" an employee (much as a file is deleted from a disk).  The
employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.  All the terrible
temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
		-- Kenny's Korner
Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.
People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get much better
press than people who are just funny and smart.
		-- Howard Simons, "The Washington Post"
=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.
QOTD:
	"I'm just a boy named 'su'..."
Do not exceed recommended dosage.
Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.
You had mail.  Paul read it, so ask him what it said.
Never go to bed mad.  Stay up and fight.
		-- Phyllis Diller, "Phyllis Diller's Housekeeping Hints"
For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
		-- Paul of Tarsus, (Saint Paul)
The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars, nor its great
scholars great men.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes
We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the
originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has
forgotten its source.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"
All I need to have a good time,
Is a reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
With those three things I don't need no sunshine,
A reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.

All I want is to never grow old,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
I want 97 kilos already rolled,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.

I want to light my cigars with 10 dollar bills,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want a bottle of Red Eye that's always filled,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
		-- Country Joe and the Fish, "Zachariah"
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker
<aj> <Knghtbrd> the increase in tension worldwide (as evidenced by crime
<aj>            and whatnot) over that time period looks a lot like Linux
<aj>            growth since 1993
<aj> ``Linux linked to worldwide crime epidemic!!''
I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments.
The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal, for they are subtle and
quick to anger.
	"What time is it?"
	"I don't know, it keeps changing."
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
		-- St. Augustine
Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I surely do hope that's a syntax error.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710011752.KAA21624@wall.org>
Life.  Don't talk to me about life.
		-- Marvin the Paranoid Android
The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be
correct.
		-- William of Occam
Is a wedding successful if it comes off without a hitch?
And do you not think that each of you women is an Eve?  The judgement of God
upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of
criminal at the bar of justice.
		-- Tertullian, second-century Christian writer, misogynist
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his
mouth.
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
		-- W. C. Fields' epitaph
Do not write in this space.
Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice -- only the willingness
to make it when necessary.
		-- Frederick Dunn
Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules
		-- MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
Cold, adj.:
	When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own pockets.
It's not really a rule--it's more like a trend.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710221721.KAA24321@wall.org>
"Nine years of ballet, asshole."
-- Shelly Long, to the bad guy after making a jump over a gorge that he
   couldn't quite, in "Outrageous Fortune"
It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.
But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!
Volley Theory:
	It is better to have lobbed and lost than never to have lobbed at all.
I don't know WHY I said that ... I think it came from the FILLINGS in
my rear molars ...
grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
For a light heart lives long.
		-- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Obviously your filters are throwing away mail from Randal.  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <199710221937.MAA25131@wall.org>
Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.  Tomorrow I'll probably still
be a dog. Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
		-- Snoopy
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
		-- P. J. O'Rourke
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.
<DannyS> Hit the monkey to win $20(*)!
* knghtbrd gets out his mallet.
* knghtbrd plants it firmly on DannyS' head.
* knghtbrd will take his $20 now.  =D
The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller
We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
		-- Walter Summers
Witch!  Witch!  They'll burn ya!
		-- Hag, "Tomorrow is Yesterday", stardate unknown
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
When in doubt, use brute force.
		-- Ken Thompson
No animals were injured.
Support

In mythical times all things were whole:
All the sky was clear,
All the earth was stable,
All the mountains were firm,
All the riverbeds were full,
All of nature was fertile,
And all the rulers were supported.
But, losing clarity, the sky tore;
Losing stability, the earth split;
Losing strength, the mountains sank;
Losing water, the riverbeds cracked;
Losing fertility, nature disappeared;
And losing support, the rulers fell.
Rulers depend upon their subjects,
The noble depend upon the humble;
So rulers call themselves orphaned, hungry and alone,
To win the people's support.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
If something has not yet gone wrong then it would ultimately have been
beneficial for it to go wrong.
In case it's not obvious, any solution to this problem that introduces a
dependency on Java is profoundly uninteresting to me. In fact, my
indifference to that could only be described as "sexual" in intensity.
		-- Jamie Zawinski
I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright
I've already told you more than I know.
"Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will
serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of
society...It is justified because...the program can give a sense of shared
adventure and achievement to the society at large."
		-- Dr. Colin S. Pittendrigh, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
So in the future, one 'client' at a time or you'll be spending CPU time with
lots of little 'child processes'.
		-- Kevin M. Bealer, commenting on the private life of a Linux nerd
This PORCUPINE knows his ZIPCODE ... And he has "VISA"!!
There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be
offered: entertainment, food, and affection. It is customary to begin a
series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount of
food, and the merest suggestion of affection. As the amount of affection
increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately. When the
affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating. Under no
circumstances can the food be omitted.
		-- Miss Manners' Guide to Excruciatingly Correct Behaviour
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but ...
	-- I have to floss my cat.
	-- I've dedicated my life to linguini.
	-- I need to spend more time with my blender.
	-- it wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
	-- it's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish.
	-- I'm going downtown to try on some gloves.
	-- I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
	-- I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise.
	-- I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
	-- I have some really hard words to look up.
	-- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
		-- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
Men have a much better time of it than women; for one thing they marry later;
for another thing they die earlier.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Personally, I think my choice in the mostest-superlative-computer wars has to
be the HP-48 series of calculators.  They'll run almost anything.  And if they
can't, while I'll just plug a Linux box into the serial port and load up the
HP-48 VT-100 emulator.
(By jdege@winternet.com, Jeff Dege)
Computers don't actually think.
	You just think they think.
		(We think.)
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash
QOTD:
	The forest may be quiet, but that doesn't mean
	the snakes have gone away.
First rule of public speaking.
	First, tell 'em what you're goin' to tell 'em;
	then tell 'em;
	then tell 'em what you've tole 'em.
The best things in life are for a fee.
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens
Feel free to contact me (flames about my english and the useless of this
driver will be redirected to /dev/null, oh no, it's full...).
(Michael Beck, describing the PC-speaker sound device)
"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
		-- Matt Cartmill
bug, n:
	A son of a glitch.
That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows
returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
		-- Bill Veeck
Danger: do not shake.
	"That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but
they're not coming out on the damn printer...  Hold?  Sure, I'll hold."
		-- e.e. cummings last service call
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
Hanson's Treatment of Time:
	There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days
	before Saturday.
African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camelia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiablity, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lilly:			Purity, sweetness
Lilly of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
It is not necessary to inquire whether a woman would like something for
dessert.  The answer is yes, she would like something for dessert, but
she would like you to order it so she can pick at it with your fork.  She
does not want you to call attention to this by saying, 'If you wanted a
dessert, why didn't you order one?'  You must understand, she has the
dessert she wants.  The dessert she wants is contained within yours.
		-- Merrill Markoe, "An Insider's Guide to the American Woman"
"Floggings will continue until morale improves."
		-- anonymous flyer being distributed at Exxon USA
Double *sigh*.  _04 is going onto thousands of CDs even as we speak,
so to speak.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710221718.KAA24299@wall.org>
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely
rearranging their prejudices.
		-- William James
What with chromodynamics and electroweak too
Our Standardized Model should please even you,
Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none
It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun.
Yet your state of the union penultimate large
Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge,
And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll
Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole.
Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back
For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track,
But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude
Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed.
Now fasten your sunbelts, for you've done it once more,
You said it in Leipzig of the thing we adore,
That you've built an incredible crystalline sphere
Whose German attendants spread trembling and fear
Of the death of our theory by Particle Zeta
Which I'll bet is not there say your article, later.
		-- Sheldon Glashow, Physics Today, December, 1984
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?  In that case, I
definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
APL hackers do it in the quad.
Microsoft Corp., concerned by the growing popularity of the free 32-bit
operating system for Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top
programmers from the underground world of virus development. Bill Gates stated
yesterday: "World domination, fast -- it's either us or Linus". Mr. Torvalds
was unavailable for comment ...
(rjm@swift.eng.ox.ac.uk (Robert Manners), in comp.os.linux.setup)
Not for human consumption.
Logicians have but ill defined
As rational the human kind.
Logic, they say, belongs to man,
But let them prove it if they can.
		-- Oliver Goldsmith
Hire the morally handicapped.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
		-- Winston Churchill
	Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines
of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them...
	Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced
only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.  In it his mind floated freely,
able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed,
undistracted by any outside disturbances.  Logical structures no longer
inhibited him. Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important,
became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships
not evident to ordinary vision.  Like beads strung on a string of their own
meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by
all.  Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming
all others.  And Mind no longer contemplated Problem, but became Problem,
destroying Subject-Object by becoming them.
	Time passed, unheeded.
	Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and
Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
		-- Wayfarer
Love means nothing to a tennis player.
Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.
Every country has the government it deserves.
		-- Joseph De Maistre
Larkinson's Law:
	All laws are basically false.
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession.
You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy
officials have gone by.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
		-- Balfour
Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich and powerful know that he is.
		-- Jean Anouilh, "The Lark"
Wandering

What is the difference between assent and denial?
What is the difference between beautiful and ugly?
What is the difference between fearsome and afraid?
The people are merry as if at a magnificent party
Or playing in the park at springtime,
But I am tranquil and wandering,
Like a newborn before it learns to smile,
Alone, with no true home.
The people have enough and to spare,
Where I have nothing,
And my heart is foolish,
Muddled and cloudy.
The people are bright and certain,
Where I am dim and confused;
The people are clever and wise,
Where I am dull and ignorant;
Aimless as a wave drifting over the sea,
Attached to nothing.
The people are busy with purpose,
Where I am impractical and rough;
I do not share the peoples' cares
But I am fed at nature's breast.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
Once a woman has given you her heart you can never get rid of the rest of her.
		-- Vanbrugh
... I don't like FRANK SINATRA or his CHILDREN.
If you can't be good, be careful.  If you can't be careful, give me a call.
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war
> Whoa, first contact!

Nope, 'fraid not, Linux is still primarily used on planet Earth, I'm
afraid.

Our friend here sent a message in Russian (KOI8-R encoding).
		-- Aleksey Kliger, explaining a russian posting
bureaucrat, n:
	A politician who has tenure.
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
The Universe is populated by stable things.
		-- Richard Dawkins
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
"Oh, 'Melia, my dear, this does everything crown!
Who could have supposed I should meet you in Town?
And whence such fair garments such prosperi-ty?"
"Oh, didn't you know I'd been ruined?" said she.

"You left us in tatters, without shoes or socks,
Tired of digging potatoes, and spudding up docks;
And now you've gay bracelets and bright feathers three!"
"Yes: That's how we dress when we're ruined," said she.

"At home in the barton you said `thee' and `thou,'
And `thik oon' and `theas oon' and `t'other;' but now
Your talking quite fits 'ee for compa-ny!"
"Some polish is gained with one's ruin," said she.

"Your hands were like paws then, your face blue and bleak
But now I'm bewitched by your delicate cheek,
And your little gloves fit like as on any la-dy!"
"We never do work when we're ruined," said she.

"You used to call home-life a hag-ridden dream,
And you'd sigh, and you'd sock; but at present you seem
To know not of megrims or melancho-ly!"
"True.  One's pretty lively when ruined," said she.

"I wish I had feathers, a fine sweeping gown,
And a delicate face, and could strut about Town!"
"My dear--a raw country girl, such as you be,
Cannot quite expect that.  You ain't ruined," said she.
		-- Thomas Hardy
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo
of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
		-- Steven Wright
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
		-- Russian Proverb
The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
		-- G. B. Shaw
"Pok pok pok, P'kok!"
		-- Superchicken
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
p.s. - i'm about *this* close to running around in the server room with a
pair of bolt cutters, and a large wooden mallet, laughing like a maniac and
cutting everything i can fit the bolt cutters around. and whacking that
which i cannot. so if i seem semi-incoherent, or just really *really* nasty
at times, please forgive me. stress is not a pretty thing. };P
		-- Phillip R. Jaenke
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter
	A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened
to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road.  After seeing the
sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes.
"Gosh!" exclaimed the new bride.  "You certainly have a dangerous job.
Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?"
	"Yes, upon rare occasions," answered the handler.
	"Well," she continued, "just what do you do when you're bitten by
a snake?"
	"I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I
am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then
suck the poison from the wound."
	"What, uh... what would happen if you were to accidentally *sit* on
a rattler?" persisted the woman.
	"Ma'am," answered the snake handler, "that will be the day I learn
who my real friends are."
When you said "HEAVILY FORESTED" it reminded me of an overdue CLEANING
BILL ... Don't you SEE?  O'Grogan SWALLOWED a VALUABLE COIN COLLECTION
and HAD to murder the ONLY MAN who KNEW!!
I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend
than be one.
		-- Clarence Darrow
Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)
QOTD:
	"In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department."
Slick's Three Laws of the Universe:
	(1)  Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
	(2)  A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
	(3)  There are two types of dirt:  the dark kind, which is
	    attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is
	    attracted to dark objects.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.
		-- Matthew 5:37
Kaufman's Law:
	A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence
	of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.
Business will be either better or worse.
		-- Calvin Coolidge
The man she had was kind and clean
And well enough for every day,
But oh, dear friends, you should have seen
The one that got away.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Fisherwoman"
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
Eric Raymond:  I want to live in a world where software doesn't suck.
Richard Stallman:  Any software that isn't free sucks.
Linus Torvalds:  I'm interested in free beer.
Richard Stallman:  That's okay, as long as I don't have to drink it.  I
                   don't like beer.
		-- LinuxWorld Expo panel, 4 March 1999
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(3) When stopped at an intersection you should

	(a) watch the traffic light for your lane.
	(b) watch for pedestrians crossing the street.
	(c) blow the horn.
	(d) watch the traffic light for the intersecting street.

The correct answer is (d). You need to start as soon as the traffic light
for the intersecting street turns yellow. Answer (c) is worth a half point.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.
No one wants war.
		-- Kirk, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3201.7
Humor in the Court:
Q: What can you tell us about the truthfulness and veracity of this defendant?
A: Oh, she will tell the truth. She said she'd kill that sonofabitch--and
   she did!
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.
<moshez> what I like about Manoj is his desire for simple and small
         solutions. like EMACS. or dvt.
<Manoj> well, dvt was _supposed_ to be simple
<Manoj> it only took 2 weeks to write
<moshez> Manoj: It requires a *diagram* to explain what each part does.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are "Cheque Enclosed."
		-- Dorothy Parker
Klatu barada nikto.
Love is dope, not chicken soup.  I mean, love is something to be passed
around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a
Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.
Do not fold, spindle or mutilate.
<marcus> dunham: You know how real numbers are constructed from rational
         numbers by equivalence classes of convergent sequences?
<dunham> marcus: yes.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Don't get mad, get interest.
Unfair animal names:

-- tsetse fly			-- bullhead
-- booby			-- duck-billed platypus
-- sapsucker			-- Clarence
		-- Gary Larson
<jgoerzen> stu: ahh that machine.  Don't you think that something named
           stallman deserves to be an Alpha? :-)
<stu> jgoerzen: no, actually, I'd prolly be more inclined to name a 386
      with 4 megs of ram and a 40 meg hard drive stallman.
<stu> with a big fat case that makes tons of noise and rattles the floor
* Knghtbrd falls to the floor holding his sides laughing
<stu> and..
<stu> double-height hard drive
Sauron is alive in Argentina!
reintarnation:
	Coming back to life as a hillbilly.
Carob works on the principle that, when mixed with the right combination of
fats and sugar, it can duplicate chocolate in color and texture.  Of course,
the same can be said of dirt.
His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"
Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.
Just a song before I go,		Going through security
To whom it may concern,			I held her for so long.
Traveling twice the speed of sound	She finally looked at me in love,
It's easy to get burned.		And she was gone.
When the shows were over		Just a song before I go,
We had to get back home,		A lesson to be learned.
And when we opened up the door		Traveling twice the speed of sound
I had to be alone.			It's easy to get burned.
She helped me with my suitcase,
She stands before my eyes,
Driving me to the airport
And to the friendly skies.
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Just a Song Before I Go"
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the
difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain
When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it
seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the
fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving
after rational knowledge.
		-- Albert Einstein
<Hydroxide> knightbrd: from knightbrd.brain import * :)
<knghtbrd> Oh gods if it were that easy ..
<knghtbrd> from carmack.brain import OpenGL
Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when
you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
		-- Poul Anderson
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing."
		-- Karl Lehenbauer, as amended by Jeff Daiell, a Libertarian
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak
it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow
Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
		-- Roy Harper
Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!
CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn
Andrea: Unhappy the land that has no heroes.
Galileo: No, unhappy the land that _____needs heroes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Life of Galileo"
We are now enjoying total mutual interaction in an imaginary hot tub ...
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish Proverb
The ark lands after The Flood.  Noah lets all the animals out.  Says he, "Go
and multiply."  Several months pass.  Noah decides to check up on the animals.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.  "What's the problem?" says Noah.
"Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes.  Noah follows
their advice.  Several more weeks pass.  Noah checks on the snakes again.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.  Noah asks, "Want to tell me how
the trees helped?"  "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need
logs to multiply."
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad
example.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
I will follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it if I can
help it.
		-- Michel Eyquem de Montaigne
No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
<ahzz_> i figured 17G oughta be enough.
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme. ___.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged
him to do so.  "No, no," he said: "if I did, where should I have to
spend my evenings?"
		-- Chamfort
Look before you leap.
		-- Samuel Butler
Don't expect people to keep in step--it's hard enough just staying in line.
A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu
Hear about the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting
into words.
Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.
Don't let go of what you've got hold of, until you have hold of something else.
		-- First Rule of Wing Walking
A man's best friend is his dogma.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up
in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.
However, my enthusiasm for the modular tree is tempered by some parts of
it not existing.
		-- Daniel Stone on debian-{x,devel}, commenting on the
		   future of X
I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of
interest is easy.
Fly Windows NT:
All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the chairs
in the outline of a plane. They all sit down, flap their arms and make jet
swooshing sounds as if they are flying.
Don't smoke the next cigarette.  Repeat.
You're too beautiful to ignore.  Too much woman.
		-- Kirk to Yeoman Rand, "The Enemy Within", stardate unknown
< sam> /.ing an issue is like asking an infinite number of monkeys for
       advice
		-- in #debian-devel
Strange things are done to be number one
In selling the computer			The Druids were entrepreneurs,
IBM has their strategem			And they built a granite box
Which steadily grows acuter,		It tracked the moon, warned of monsoons,
And Honeywell competes like Hell,	And forecast the equinox
But the story's missing link		Their price was right, their future
Is the system old at Stonemenge sold		bright,
By the firm of Druids, Inc.		The prototype was sold;
					From Stonehenge site their bits and byte
					Would ship for Celtic gold.
The movers came to crate the frame;
It weighed a million ton!
The traffic folk thought it a joke	The man spoke true, and thus to you
(the wagon wheels just spun);		A warning from the ages;
"They'll nay sell that," the foreman	Your stock will slip if you can't ship
	spat,				What's in your brochure's pages.
"Just leave the wild weeds grow;	See if it sells without the bells
"It's Druid-kind, over-designed,	And strings that ring and quiver;
"And belly up they'll go."		Druid repute went down the chute
					Because they couldn't deliver.
		-- Edward C. McManus, "The Computer at Stonehenge"
Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82
Avoid strange women and temporary variables.
I Know A Joke!!
Kennedy's Market Theorem:
	Given enough inside information and unlimited credit,
	you've got to go broke.
Baby On Board.
The term "fire" brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene
of shooting employees who make mistakes.  We will now refer to this process
as "deleting" an employee (much as a file is deleted from a disk).  The
employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.  All the terrible
temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
		-- Kenny's Korner
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2
A-Z affectionately,
1 to 10 alphabetically,
from here to eternity without in betweens,
still looking for a custom fit in an off-the-rack world,
sales talk from sales assistants
	when all i want to do is lower your resistance,
no rhythm in cymbals no tempo in drums,
love's on arrival,
she comes when she comes,
right on the target but wide of the mark...
Marriage Ceremony:  An incredible metaphysical sham of watching God and the
law being dragged into the affairs of your family.
		-- O. C. Ogilvie
... but as records of courts and justice are admissible, it can easily be
proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge
to mankind.  The evidence (including confession) upon which certain women
were convicted of witchcraft and executed was without a flaw; it is still
unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and
in law.  Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than
the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death.  If
there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike destitute
of value.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it,
we would be so simple we couldn't.
In the early morning queue,
With a listing in my hand.
With a worry in my heart,	There on terminal number 9,
Waitin' here in CERAS-land.	Pascal run all set to go.
I'm a long way from sleep,	But I'm waitin' in the queue,
How I miss a good meal so.	With this code that ever grows.
In the early mornin' queue,	Now the lobby chairs are soft,
With no place to go.		But that can't make the queue move fast.
				Hey, there it goes my friend,
				I've moved up one at last.
		-- Ernest Adams, "Early Morning Queue", to "Early
		   Morning Rain" by G. Lightfoot
Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York
City.  One is "Hey, taxi."  Two is, "What train do I take to get to
Bloomingdale's?"  And three is, "Don't worry.  It's just a flesh wound."
		-- David Letterman
Marriage is not merely sharing the fettucine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettucine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
		-- J.P. Donleavy
Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
Oh, get ahold of yourself.  Nobody's proposing that we parse English.
		-- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
:  I've heard that there is a shell (bourne or csh) to perl filter, does
:  anyone know of this or where I can get it?
Yeah, you filter it through Tom Christiansen.  :-)  -- Larry Wall
	NEW YORK-- Kraft Foods, Inc. announced today that its board of
directors unanimously rejected the $11 billion takeover bid by Philip
Morris and Co. A Kraft spokesman stated in a press conference that the
offer was rejected because the $90-per-share bid did not reflect the
true value of the company.
	Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story.
Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover
agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of
their major Middle East subsidiaries.  To a person, the board voted to
reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to
reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd., and name the new company Cheeses of Nazareth.
<Overfiend> Don't come crying to me about your "30 minute compiles"!!  I
            have to build X uphill both ways!  In the snow!  With bare
            feet! And we didn't have compilers!  We had to translate the
            C code to mnemonics OURSELVES!
<Overfiend> And I was 18 before we even had assemblers!
"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Through the Looking Glass"
Waving away a cloud of smoke, I look up, and am blinded by a bright, white
light.  It's God. No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God. In
a booming voice, He says: "THIS IS A SIGN. USE LINUX, THE FREE UNIX SYSTEM
FOR THE 386.
		-- Matt Welsh
On a normal ascii line, the only safe condition to detect is a 'BREAK'
- everything else having been assigned functions by Gnu EMACS.
		-- Tarl Neustaedter
Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- F. Brooks, "The Mythical Man-Month"
System restarting, wait...
<|Rain|> with sane code, maybe I could figure out the renderer :)
<LordHavoc> rain: I'd probably be the one writing the renderer
<|Rain|> well, er, uh
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any
reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes
Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.
I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.  I only need them to
read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the
impression you will make.
	On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
So in the future, one 'client' at a time or you'll be spending CPU time with
lots of little 'child processes'.
		-- Kevin M. Bealer, commenting on the private life of a Linux nerd
<hop_> i had something that i think was chicken that was coated with a red
       paste that seemed to be composed of lye based on how much of my
       tounge it burned away.
<hop_> our friend who is Indian said this is why most Indians are thin
       and i quote "It doesn't take very much of this food to get you
       satisfied enoguh to stop eating."
	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi,
Junior, what are you up to?"
	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the
rabbit.
	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one
will publish such rubbish!"
	"Well, follow me and I'll show you."
	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the
rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a
wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?"
	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour
wolves."
	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?"
	"Come with me and I'll show you."
	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face
and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave
and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge
lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody
remnants of the wolf and the fox.

	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are
important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.
Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of umitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickel the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"
... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty
Randal said it would be tough to do in sed.  He didn't say he didn't
understand sed.  Randal understands sed quite well.  Which is why he
uses Perl.   :-)  -- Larry Wall in <7874@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W. H."
<Overfiend> Culus: wanna suspend me for it? :)
<Culus> Overfiend:  Go maliciously crack a few severs and we'll talk
<Overfiend> Culus: damn, it has to be malicious?
<Culus> Overfiend:  Sadly, yes
Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
Doing gets it done.
Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe,
Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow!
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send,
Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
		-- George Canning
	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."
"Whip me.  Beat me.  Make me maintain AIX."
(By Stephan Zielinski)
Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.
While supplies last.
The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it.  Don't ever do
this to my eyes again.
		-- Professor Ronald Brady, Philosophy, Ramapo State College
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means
for going backwards.
		-- Aldous Huxley
      I bought the latest computer;
      it came fully loaded.
      It was guaranteed for 90 days,
      but in 30 was outmoded!
		-- The Wall Street Journal passed along by Big Red Computer's SCARLETT
Uncompensated overtime?  Just Say No.
Well, my daddy left home when I was three,
And he didn't leave much for Ma and me,
Just and old guitar an'a empty bottle of booze.
Now I don't blame him 'cause he ran and hid,
But the meanest thing that he ever did,
Was before he left he went and named me Sue.
...
But I made me a vow to the moon and the stars,
I'd search the honkey tonks and the bars,
And kill the man that give me that awful name.
It was Gatlinburg in mid-July,
I'd just hit town and my throat was dry,
Thought I'd stop and have myself a brew,
At an old saloon on a street of mud,
Sitting at a table, dealing stud,
Sat that dirty (bleep) that named me Sue.
...
Now, I knew that snake was my own sweet Dad,
From a wornout picture that my Mother had,
And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye...
		-- Johnny Cash, "A Boy Named Sue"
It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's
what you're taking for it...
Mandrell: "You know what I think?"
Doctor:   "Ah, ah that's a catch question. With a brain your size you
	  don't think, right?"
		-- Dr. Who
<Knghtbrd> JHM: I'm not putting quake in the kernel source
<Knghtbrd> but we should put quake in the boot floppies to one-up
           Caldera's tetris game..  ;>
Pass with care.
		`O' LEVEL COUNTER CULTURE
Timewarp allowed: 3 hours.  Do not scrawl situationalist graffiti in the
margins or stub your rollups in the inkwells.  Orange may be worn.  Credit
will be given to candidates who self-actualise.

	(1) Compare and contrast Pink Floyd with Black Sabbath and say why
	    neither has street credibility.
	(2) "Even Buddha would have been hard pushed to reach Nirvana squatting
	    on a juggernaut route."  Consider the dialectic of inner truth
	    and inner city.
	(3) Discuss degree of hassle involved in paranoia about being sucked
	    into a black hole.
	(4) "The Egomaniac's Liberation Front were a bunch of revisionist
	    ripoff merchants."  Comment on this insult.
	(5) Account for the lack of references to brown rice in Dylan's lyrics.
	(6) "Castenada was a bit of a bozo."  How far is this a fair summing
	    up of western dualism?
	(7) Hermann Hesse was a Pisces.  Discuss.
Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three
persons, two of them absent.
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W. S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"
		The Guy on the Right Doesn't Stand a Chance
The guy on the right has the Osborne 1, a fully functional computer system
in a portable package the size of a briefcase.  The guy on the left has an
Uzi submachine gun concealed in his attache case.  Also in the case are four
fully loaded, 32-round clips of 125-grain 9mm ammunition.  The owner of the
Uzi is going to get more tactical firepower delivered -- and delivered on
target -- in less time, and with less effort.  All for $795. It's inevitable.
If you're going up against some guy with an Osborne 1 -- or any personal
computer -- he's the one who's in trouble.  One round from an Uzi can zip
through ten inches of solid pine wood, so you can imagine what it will do
to structural foam acrylic and sheet aluminum.  In fact, detachable magazines
for the Uzi are available in 25-, 32-, and 40-round capacities, so you can
take out an entire office full of Apple II or IBM Personal Computers tied
into Ethernet or other local-area networks.  What about the new 16-bit
computers, like the Lisa and Fortune?  Even with the Winchester backup,
they're no match for the Uzi.  One quick burst and they'll find out what
Unix means.  Make your commanding officer proud.  Get an Uzi -- and come home
a winner in the fight for office automatic weapons.
		-- "InfoWorld", June, 1984
While my BRAINPAN is being refused service in BURGER KING, Jesuit
priests are DATING CAREER DIPLOMATS!!
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to
examine the laws of heat.
		-- Christopher Morley
New customers only.
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
		-- Lister, Red Dwarf
It's hard not to like a man of many qualities, even if most of them are bad.
Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2
The Moral Majority is neither.
He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
		-- Samuel Johnson
Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
	To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you merely
wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing.
	The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of food therapy showing that
food SHOULD be used a crutch and which food could be the most effective in
promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction.  For the first time, an
eater could instantly grasp the connection between relieving depression and
Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarrel isn't so bad if there's a
pint of ice cream nearby.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"
"Neighbors!!  We got neighbors!  We ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and
I just had to shoot one."
		-- Post Bros. Comics
The more I know men the more I like my horse.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence
is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Do not attempt this in your home.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to
boot yourself in the posterior.
		-- A. J. Liebling, "The Press"
We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine.
But when it comes to your job -- that's different.  And it always will
be different.
		-- McCoy, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4729.4
X windows:
	Accept any substitute.
	If it's broke, don't fix it.
	If it ain't broke, fix it.
	Form follows malfunction.
	The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
	The trailing edge of software technology.
	Armageddon never looked so good.
	Japan's secret weapon.
	You'll envy the dead.
	Making the world safe for competing window systems.
	Let it get in YOUR way.
	The problem for your problem.
	If it starts working, we'll fix it.  Pronto.
	It could be worse, but it'll take time.
	Simplicity made complex.
	The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
	Flakey and built to stay that way.

One thousand monkeys.  One thousand MicroVAXes.  One thousand years.
	X windows.
<Espy> I invoke Espy's law, which states that you all suck :P
"History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions."
		-- Ted Koppel
All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
		-- Chou En Lai
The meek shall inherit the earth, but *not* its mineral rights.
		-- J. P. Getty
There's no future in time travel.
I want to read my new poem about pork brains and outer space ...
Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
Conspicuous Minimalism:
	A life-style tactic similar to Status Substitution.  The
nonownership of material goods flaunted as a token of moral and
intellectual superiority.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.
The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.
Conquer with Inaction

Do not control the people with laws,
Nor violence nor espionage,
But conquer them with inaction.
For:
The more morals and taboos there are,
The more cruelty afflicts people;
The more guns and knives there are,
The more factions divide people;
The more arts and skills there are,
The more change obsoletes people;
The more laws and taxes there are,
The more theft corrupts people.
Yet take no action, and the people nurture eachother;
Make no laws, and the people deal fairly with eachother;
Own no interest, and the people cooperate with eachother;
Express no desire, and the people harmonize with eachother.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
This fortune intentionally not included.
no maintenance:
	Impossible to fix.
It is like saying that for the cause of peace, God and the Devil will
have a high-level meeting.
		-- Rev. Carl McIntire, on Nixon's China trip
Dismissed.  That's a Star Fleet expression for, "Get out."
		-- Capt. Kathryn Janeway, Star Trek: Voyager, "The Cloud"
We are what we are.
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
I love you more than anything in this world.  I don't expect that will last.
		-- Elvis Costello
"I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating."
		-- Boss Tweed
I expect that noone has objections.  However, if I'd only add these entries
to the list because `I think it's the right thing to do', I'd get a lot of
flames afterwards :)
		-- Christian Schwarz
Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.
The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
Ill-chosen abstraction is particularly evident in the design of the ADA
runtime system. The interface to the ADA runtime system is so opaque that
it is impossible to model or predict its performance, making it effectively
useless for real-time systems. -- Marc D. Donner and David H. Jameson.
Is your job running?  You'd better go catch it!
Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.
Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly misleading.
Debug only code.
		-- Dave Storer
If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
		-- Ben Franklin
Love -- the last of the serious diseases of childhood.
Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
There was a time they could cry over books,
But time has set its maggot on their track.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
What's never known is safest in this life.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms
Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost
Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
		-- Dylan Thomas, "Was There A Time"
Bowie's Theorem:
	If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires an accomplice.
		-- Charles Baudelaire
A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service
I used to be such a sweet sweet thing, 'til they got a hold of me,
I opened doors for little old ladies, I helped the blind to see,
I got no friends 'cause they read the papers, they can't be seen,
With me, and I'm feelin' real shot down,
And I'm, uh, feelin' mean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
	No more, Mr. Clean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
They say "He's sick, he's obscene".

My dog bit me on the leg today, my cat clawed my eyes,
Ma's been thrown out of the social circle, and Dad has to hide,
I went to church, incognito, when everybody rose,
The reverend Smithy, he recognized me,
And punched me in the nose, he said,
(chorus)
He said "You're sick, you're obscene".
		-- Alice Cooper, "No More Mr. Nice Guy"
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
The Official MBA Handbook on business cards:
	Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the Realm,
	Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director of Corporate
	Planning."
"No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it."
		-- C. Schulz
QOTD:
	"I won't say he's untruthful, but his wife has to call the
	dog for dinner."
I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
Call me bored, but don't call me boring.
		-- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his
wife in public.  It always makes people think that he beats her when
they're alone.  The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks
like a happy married life.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Gates' Law: Every 18 months, the speed of software halves.
"You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are
now extinct."
		-- M. Somerset Maugham
Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous.  In war,
you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill
"Elvis is my copilot."
		-- Cal Keegan
If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it
is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
		-- Joseph C. Goulden
Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like them.  That's
when they come over and violate your body space.
The deafening silence taught me not to ask a bunch of geeks for advice
from their girlfriends
Space: the final frontier.  These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life
and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
		-- Captain James T. Kirk
<woot> Man, i wish knghtbrd were here to grab that for his sig list.
[...several hours later...]
<Knghtbrd> woot don't know me vewy well, do he?
<Knghtbrd> muahahahaha
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
After watching my newly-retired dad spend two weeks learning how to make a new
folder, it became obvious that "intuitive" mostly means "what the writer or
speaker of intuitive likes".
(Bruce Ediger, bediger@teal.csn.org, in comp.os.linux.misc, on X the
intuitiveness of a Mac interface.)
There was a phone call for you.
I'm ZIPPY the PINHEAD and I'm totally committed to the festive mode.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your
acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"
Is he the MAGIC INCA carrying a FROG on his shoulders??  Is the FROG
his GUIDELIGHT??  It is curious that a DOG runs already on the ESCALATOR ...
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
It is easier to be a "humanitarian" than to render your own country its
proper due; it is easier to be a "patriot" than to make your community a
better place to live in; it is easier to be a "civic leader" than to treat
your own family with loving understanding; for the smaller the focus of
attention, the harder the task.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
The computer should be doing the hard work.  That's what it's paid to do,
after all.
		-- Larry Wall in <199709012312.QAA08121@wall.org>
His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"
To be is to be related.
		-- C. J. Keyser.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first
overcome.
		-- Dr. Johnson
"Roman Polanski makes his own blood.  He's smart -- that's why his movies work."
		-- A brilliant director at "Frank's Place"
Love is never asking why?
Nouvelle cuisine, n.:
	French for "not enough food".

Continental breakfast, n.:
	English for "not enough food".

Tapas, n.:
	Spanish for "not enough food".

Dim Sum, n.:
	Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.
I want you to MEMORIZE the collected poems of EDNA ST VINCENT MILLAY
... BACKWARDS!!
This is Betty Frenel.  I don't know who to call but I can't reach my
Food-a-holics partner.  I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage
and mushroom.  Jim, come and get me!
"Little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of
nature are constantly broken for their sakes."
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
And so it was, later,
As the miller told his tale,
That her face, at first just ghostly,
Turned a whiter shade of pale.
		-- Procol Harum
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
Now let the song begin!  Let us sing together
Of sun, star, moon and mist, rain and cloudy weather,
Light on the budding leaf, dew on the feather,
Wind on the open hill, bells on the heather,
Reeds by the shady pool, lilies on the water:
Old Tom Bombadil and the River-daughter!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.
I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race,
in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
		-- Thoreau
The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts
of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth
In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket.
Do not exceed recommended dosage.
If I don't drive around the park,
I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I'm in bed each night by ten,
I may get back my looks again.
If I abstain from fun and such,
I'll probably amount to much;
But I shall stay the way I am,
Because I do not give a damn.
		-- Dorothy Parker
Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy:
	Everybody should believe in something -- I believe I'll have
	another drink.
* CosmicRay wishes he had some strippers here....
<CosmicRay> err, wire strippers
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three
persons, two of them absent.
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"
No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.
A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine. It is encased
in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at
each corner.  The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting
and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device.  Here also are
the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn.
	At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as
well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller.  The central portion
houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit.  Briefly, this consists of four
fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network
of flexible plumbing.  This assembly also contains the central heating plant
complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main
ventilating system.  The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of
this central section.
	Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and
colors.  Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year.  In
brief, the main external visible features of the cow are:  two lookers, two
hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.
What they said:
	What they meant:

"You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you."
	(We certainly never succeeded.)
There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him.
	(Well, our rats aren't really employees...)
"Success will never spoil him."
	(Well, at least not MUCH more.)
"One usually comes away from him with a good feeling."
	(And such a sigh of relief.)
"His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days;
in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities."
	(And his IQ, as well.)
"He should go far."
	(The farther the better.)
"He will take full advantage of his staff."
	(He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.)
Then there was the ScoutMaster who got a fantastic deal on this case of
Tates brand compasses for his troup; only $1.25 each!  Only problem was,
when they got them out in the woods, the compasses were all stuck pointing
to the "W" on the dial.

Moral:
	He who has a Tates is lost!
Totally illogical, there was no chance.
		-- Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2822.3
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
		-- Michelangelo
So far we've managed to avoid turning Perl into APL.  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <199702251904.LAA28261@wall.org>
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac
(and nobody cares about it).
		-- Bill Joy 6/21/85
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because
one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots
who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally
suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses.  Oh, say
the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those
studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association?
To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of
wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their
mystical power being sort of drained out.  Right, say the wizards, that just
about does it, you and your leather posing pouches.  Oh yeah, say the the
heroes, why don't you ...
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way
before it is understood.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire
Dennis Ritchie is twice as bright as Steve Jobs, and only half wrong.
		-- Jim Gettys
"Since it's a foregone conclusion that Microsoft will be littering its XML
with pointers to Win32-based components, the best that can be said about
its adoption of XML is that it will make it easier for browsers and
applications on non-Windows platforms to understand which parts of the
document it must ignore."
		-- Nicholas Petreley, "Computerworld", 3 September, 2001
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
		-- Albert Einstein
<kira> Ada, the only language written to milspec.
<Mikster> <shudder>
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

CAR and CDR now return extra values.

The function CAR now returns two values.  Since it has to go to the trouble
to figure out if the object is carcdr-able anyway, we figured you might as
well get both halves at once.  For example, the following code shows how to
destructure a cons (SOME-CONS) into its two slots (THE-CAR and THE-CDR):

	(MULTIPLE-VALUE-BIND (THE-CAR THE-CDR) (CAR SOME-CONS) ...)

For symmetry with CAR, CDR returns a second value which is the CAR of the
object.  In a related change, the functions MAKE-ARRAY and CONS have been
fixed so they don't allocate any storage except on the stack.  This should
hopefully help people who don't like using the garbage collector because
it cold boots the machine so often.
"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."

"You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose
	That your eye was as steady as ever;
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose --
	What made you so awfully clever?"

"I have answered three questions, and that is enough,"
	Said his father.  "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"
A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.
This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
millihelen, n.:
	The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
Many people feel that they deserve some kind of recognition for all the
bad things they haven't done.
She stood on the tracks
Waving her arms
Leading me to that third rail shock
Quick as a wink
She changed her mind

She gave me a night
That's all it was
What will it take until I stop
Kidding myself
Wasting my time

There's nothing else I can do
'Cause I'm doing it all for Leyna
I don't want anyone new
'Cause I'm living it all for Leyna
There's nothing in it for you
'Cause I'm giving it all to Leyna
		-- Billy Joel, "All for Leyna" (Glass Houses)
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
		-- Anatole France
No Canadian coins.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
do {
    :
} while (!HELL_FROZEN_OVER);
I think a relationship is like a shark.  It has to constantly move forward
or it dies.  Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
		-- Woody Allen
If you aren't rich you should always look useful.
		-- Louis-Ferdinand Celine
HOLY MACRO!
After watching my newly-retired dad spend two weeks learning how to make a new
folder, it became obvious that "intuitive" mostly means "what the writer or
speaker of intuitive likes".
(Bruce Ediger, bediger@teal.csn.org, in comp.os.linux.misc, on X the
intuitiveness of a Mac interface.)
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.
		-- Matthew 5:37
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
Batteries not included.
You see but you do not observe.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes"
Jim, it's Jack.  I'm at the airport.  I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay
you the five-hundred I owe you.  Catch you next year when I get back!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
"Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?"
Microsoft spel chekar vor sail, worgs grate !!
		-- Felix von Leitner, leitner@inf.fu-berlin.de
innovate, v.:
	To annoy people.
Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I
I:
	The best way to make a silk purse from a sow's ear is to begin
	with a silk sow.  The same is true of money.
II:
	If today were half as good as tomorrow is supposed to be, it would
	probably be twice as good as yesterday was.
III:
	There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
IV:
	If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
V:
	One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
	Increasing the number of participants merely reduces the average
	output.
		-- Norman Augustine
You can have peace.  Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having
both at once.
		-- Lazarus Long
... the flaw that makes perfection perfect.
The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases
are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.  Thus:

Retribution:
	I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
Anticipation:
	I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
Diplomacy:
	I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the
	pretext that your brother did it.
Closed weekends and holidays.
statistics, n.:
	A system for expressing your political prejudices in convincing
	scientific guise.
No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval system,
or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of the author.
		-- Chris Shaw
The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children.
		-- Linus Torvalds
Do not apply to broken skin.
Is this the line for the latest whimsical YUGOSLAVIAN drama which also
makes you want to CRY and reconsider the VIETNAM WAR?
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Fess:	Well, you must admit there is something innately humorous about
	a man chasing an invention of his own halfway across the galaxy.
Rod:	Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.  But after all, isn't that the
	basic difference between robots and humans?
Fess:	What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Rod:	No, the ability to get hung up on them.
		-- Christopher Stasheff, "The Warlock in Spite of Himself"
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software
has the ability to wear out.  Software typically behaves, or it does not.  It
either works, or it does not.  Software generally does not degrade, abrade,
stretch, twist, or ablate.  To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is
misapplication of our engineering skills.  Classical engineering deals with
the characteristics of hardware; software engineering should deal with the
characteristics of *software*, and not with hardware or management.
		-- Dan Klein
Following

When the great man learns the Way, he follows it with diligence;
When the common man learns the Way, he follows it on occasion;
When the mean man learns the Way, he laughs out loud;
Those who do not laugh, do not learn at all.
Therefore it is said:
Who understands the Way seems foolish;
Who progresses on the Way seems to fail;
Who follows the Way seems to wander.
For the finest harmony appears plain;
The brightest truth appears coloured;
The richest character appears incomplete;
The bravest heart appears meek;
The simplest nature appears inconstant.
The square, perfected, has no corner;
Music, perfected, has no melody;
Love, perfected, has no climax;
Art, perfected, has no meaning.
The Way can be neither sensed nor known:
It transmits sensation and transcends knowledge.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only
the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
		-- Kay Bostic
Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.  And when
you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
		-- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
	The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne
Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle
I know how to do SPECIAL EFFECTS!!
The savior becomes the victim.
No man's ambition has a right to stand in the way of performing a simple
act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld
Not that I have anything much against redundancy.  But I said that already.
		-- Larry Wall in <199702271735.JAA04048@wall.org>
The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.
Marxist Law of Distribution of Wealth:
	Shortages will be divided equally among the peasants.
Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me,
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously:
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
		-- Bob Dylan
Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle
Accordion, n.:
	A bagpipe with pleats.
When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!    (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!
"Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined,
hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not
aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension."
-- Robert A. Baker, "The Aliens Among Us:  Hypnotic Regression Revisited",
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII, No. 2
We have art that we do not die of the truth.
		-- Nietzsche
I have a simple philosophy:

	Fill what's empty.
	Empty what's full.
	Scratch where it itches.
		-- A. R. Longworth
	Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode
into the saloon.  As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man
galloped through town screaming, "Big Mike's comin'!  Run fer yer lives!"
	Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.  An enormous man, standing over
eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a
rattlesnake for a whip.  Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over
the bar, the giant thundered, "Gimme a drink!"
	The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man
guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.  He then stood aghast as
the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and
smacked his lips with relish.
	"Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?" the drifter stammered.
	"Naw, I gotta git outa here, boy," the man grunted.  "Big Mike's
a-comin'."
>    What is the status of Linux' Unicode implementation. Will Linux
>    be prepared for the first contact?

We have full klingon console support just in case
		-- Alan Cox on linux-kernel
E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)
Beifeld's Principle:
	The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive
	young female increases by pyramidical progression when he
	is already in the company of (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a
	better-looking and richer male friend.
		-- R. Beifeld
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
echo "Congratulations.  You aren't running Eunice."
		-- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
The easiest way to get the root password is to become system admin.
		-- Unknown source
Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.
If you don't drink it, someone else will.
You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau
Need

Is the action of nature not unlike drawing a bow?
What is higher is pulled down, and what is lower is raised up;
What is taller is shortened, and what is thinner is broadened;
Nature's motion decreases those who have more than they need
And increases those who need more than they have.
It is not so with Man.
Man decreases those who need more than they have
And increases those who have more than they need.
To give away what you do not need is to follow the Way.
So the sage gives without expectation,
Accomplishes without claiming credit,
And has no desire for ostentation.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
Sattinger's Law:
	It works better if you plug it in.
I'm not sure whether that's actually useful...
		-- Larry Wall in <199710011704.KAA21395@wall.org>
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
Dental health is next to mental health.
FOOLED you!  Absorb EGO SHATTERING impulse rays, polyester poltroon!!
Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!
I put aside my copy of "BOWLING WORLD" and think about GUN CONTROL
legislation...
Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail never clinking.
Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers.  It was clearly platoonic.
An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because
people refuse to see it.
		-- James Michener, "Space"
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be
misinterpreted by somebody.
Now I understand the meaning of "THE MOD SQUAD"!
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
Mater artium necessitas.
	[Necessity is the mother of invention].
[Doctors and Bartenders], We both get the same two kinds of customers
-- the living and the dying.
		-- Dr. Boyce, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"), stardate unknown
Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.
DE:  The Soviets seem to have difficulty implementing modern technology.
     Would you comment on that?

Belenko:  Well, let's talk about aircraft engine lifetime.  When I flew the
	  MiG-25, its engines had a total lifetime of 250 hours.

DE:  Is that mean-time-between-failure?

Belenko:  No, the engine is finished; it is scrapped.

DE:  You mean they pull it out and throw it away, not even overhauling it?

Belenko:  That is correct.  Overhaul is too expensive.

DE:  That is absurdly low by free world standards.

Belenko:  I know.
-- an interview with Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 102
<wichert> solaris is bsd, so it should work
* Espy takes wichert's crack pipe away
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as
it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
"Oh, yes.  The important thing about having lots of things to  remember is
that you've got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you
see?  You've got to stop.  You haven't really been anywhere until you've got
back home.  I think that's what I mean."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Indomitable in retreat; invincible in advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery
Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous
Shipping not included.
Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and
interface circuit details.  The two models, however, are not compatible
on the same communications line connection.
		-- Bell System Technical Reference
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.  In fact, it is as
difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others as it is to invent.
		-- R. Emerson
		-- Quoted from a fortune cookie program
		(whose author claims, "Actually, stealing IS easier.")
		[to which I reply, "You think it's easy for me to
		misconstrue all these misquotations?!?"  Ed.]
I want a VEGETARIAN BURRITO to go ... with EXTRA MSG!!
The meek shall inherit the Earth.  (But they're gonna have to fight for it.)
<knghtbrd> rcw: Oh yay---I haven't been involved in a good flamewar in at
           least ... 5 minutes!
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
I demand IMPUNITY!
Sing hey! for the bath at close of day
That washes the weary mud away!
A loon is he that will not sing:
O! Water Hot is a noble thing!

	O! Sweet is the sound of falling rain,
	and the brook that leaps from hill to plain;
	but better than rain or rippling streams
	is Water Hot that smokes and steams.

O! Water cold we may pour at need
down a thirsty throat and be glad indeed;
but better is Beer, if drink we lack,
and Water Hot poured down the back.

	O! Water is fair that leaps on high
	in a fountain white beneath the sky;
	but never did fountain sound so sweet
	as splashing Hot Water with my feet!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing
and humiliating reality.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Batteries not included.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
<Omnic> another .sig addition
Truth can wait; he's used to it.
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor
people.
		-- Don Herold
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
panic: can't find /
INSIDE, I have the same personality disorder as LUCY RICARDO!!
NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- G. B. Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts."
		-- John Wooden
I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
		-- Spider Robinson
Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner
Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.
"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
		-- Matt Cartmill
Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
By rule #1, 5.005 should always allow localization of lexical @_ . . .
		-- Larry Wall in <199710011704.KAA21395@wall.org>
The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
		-- E. Costello
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the
only ashtray.
"All the system's paths must be topologically and circularly interrelated for
 conceptually definitive, locally transformable, polyhedronal understanding to
 be attained in our spontaneous -- ergo, most economical -- geodesiccally
 structured thoughts."
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller [...and a total nonsequitur as far as I can tell.  -kl]
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is
not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine
Armadillo:
	To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.
	Work Hard.
	Rock Hard.
	Eat Hard.
	Sleep Hard.
	Grow Big.
	Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
		-- The Webb Wilder Credo
All the existing 2.0.x kernels are to buggy for 2.1.x to be the
main goal.
		-- Alan Cox
Check me if I'm wrong, Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers...
they're gonna lock me up and throw away the key!
"MSDOS didn't get as bad as it is overnight -- it took over ten years
of careful development."
(By dmeggins@aix1.uottawa.ca)
The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
		-- Christopher Morley
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it,
and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams
The FALAFEL SANDWICH lands on my HEAD and I become a VEGETARIAN ...
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T.K.
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds
sang there except those that sang best.
		-- Henry Van Dyke
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
		-- Publilius Syrus
"Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with our new
Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process ..."
I THINK THERE SHOULD BE SOMETHING in science called the "reindeer effect."
I don't know what it would be, but I think it'd be good to hear someone say,
"Gentlemen, what we have here is a terrifying example of the reindeer effect."
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
Uh-oh!!  I forgot to submit to COMPULSORY URINALYSIS!
People (a group that in my opinion has always attracted an undue amount of
attention) have often been likened to snowflakes.  This analogy is meant to
suggest that each is unique -- no two alike.  This is quite patently not the
case.  People ... are simply a dime a dozen.  And, I hasten to add, their
only similarity to snowflakes resides in their invariable and lamentable
tendency to turn, after a few warm days, to slush.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
Where do you go to get anorexia?
		-- Shelley Winters
World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced dress code!
IBM's original motto:
	Cogito ergo vendo; vendo ergo sum.
I owe the public nothing.
		-- J. P. Morgan
System restarting, wait...
Hey! Come merry dol! derry dol!  My darling!
Light goes the weather-wind and the feathered starling.

Down along under Hill, shining in the sunlight,
Waiting on the doorstep for the cold starlight,
There my pretty lady is, River-woman's daughter,
Slender as the willow-wand, clearer than the water.

Old Tom Bombadil water-lilies bringing
Comes hopping home again.  Can you hear him singing?
Hey!  Come merry dol! derry dol! and merry-o
Goldberry, Goldberry, merry yellow berry-o!

Poor old Willow-man, you tuck your roots away!
Tom's in a hurry now.  Evening will follow day.
Tom's going home again water-lilies bringing.
Hey! come derry dol!  Can you hear me singing?
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
What to do in case of an alien attack:

    1)   Hide beneath the seat of your plane and look away.
    2)   Avoid eye contact.
    3) If there are no eyes, avoid all contact.

		-- The Firesign Theatre, _Everything you know is Wrong_
"I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience.  And
in addition, to whatever measure this term has any meaning, science has the
additional virtue, and it is not an inconsiderable one, of being true.
		-- Carl Sagan, The Burden Of Skepticism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. 12, Fall 87
By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.
If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, a
Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per per gallon,
and explode once a year killing everyone inside.
		-- Robert Cringely, InfoWorld
We may not be able to persuade Hindus that Jesus and not Vishnu should
govern their spiritual horizon, nor Moslems that Lord Buddha is at the
center of their spiritual universe, nor Hebrews that Mohammed is a major
prophet, nor Christians that Shinto best expresses their spiritual
concerns, to say nothing of the fact that we may not be able to get
Christians to agree among themselves about their relationship to God.
But all will agree on a proposition that they possess profound spiritual
resources.  If, in addition, we can get them to accept the further
proposition that whatever form the Deity may have in their own theology,
the Deity is not only external, but internal and acts through them, and
they themselves give proof or disproof of the Deity in what they do and
think; if this further proposition can be accepted, then we come that
much closer to a truly religious situation on earth.
		-- Norman Cousins, from his book "Human Options"
Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."
Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"
Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be
I've been caught inside this trap too many times
I must've walked these steps and said these words a
	thousand times before
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
		-- David Bromberg, "How Late'll You Play 'Til?"
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.
Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?
I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
		-- J. P. Morgan on Teddy Roosevelt's safari
cashtration, n.:
	The act of buying a house, which renders the subject financially
impotent for an indefinite period.
"sic transit discus mundi"
(From the System Administrator's Guide, by Lars Wirzenius)
Your password is pitifully obvious.
<wiggy> bwah, vodka in my mouse
The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying.
"And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what
the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions."
		-- David Jones @ Megatest Corporation
Jim, it's Grace at the bank.  I checked your Christmas Club account.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.  You have fifty.  Sorry, computer foul-up!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Now I can finally explain to everyone why I do this.  I just got $7 worth
of free stuff for working on Debian !
"The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody
appreciates how difficult it was."
		-- Walt West
Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Poorochrondria:
	Hypochrondria derived from not having medical insurance.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai
They can always run stderr through uniq.  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <199704012331.PAA16535@wall.org>
San Francisco has always been my favorite booing city.  I don't mean the
people boo louder or longer, but there is a very special intimacy.  When
they boo you, you know they mean *you*.  Music, that's what it is to me.
One time in Kezar Stadium they gave me a standing boo.
		-- George Halas, professional football coach
Life's too short to dance with ugly women.
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.
alta, v:	To change; make or become different; modify.
ansa, v:	A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
baa, n:		A place people meet to have a few drinks.
Baaston, n:	The capital of Massachusetts.
baaba, n:	One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
beea, n:	An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often
			found in baas.
caaa, n:	An automobile.
centa, n:	A point around which something revolves; axis.  (Or
			someone involved with the Knicks.)
chouda, n:	A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
dada, n:	Information, esp. information organized for analysis or
			computation.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
Remember though that
THERE IS NO GENERAL RULE FOR CONVERTING A LIST INTO A SCALAR.
		-- Larry Wall in the perl man page
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
All [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes spent
upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared to which a
visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature in session, is
informing, stimulating and ennobling.
		-- H. L. Mencken
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
Yow!  Are we laid back yet?
Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a representation
of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a representation of
anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone capable of sitting upright
in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
May all your PUSHes be POPped.
Here we are in America ... when do we collect unemployment?
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Please recycle.
One good turn asketh another.
		-- John Heywood
Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower
The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he
wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
	"Hey, buddy," the bartender replied, "you see those two guys next to
you?  They used to be with the Chicago Bears.  The two dudes behind you made
the U.S. Olympic wrestling team.  And for your information, I used to play
center at Notre Dame."
	"Forget it," the customer said.  "I don't want to explain it five
times."
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
		-- Shakespeare
Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
		-- Kirk, "The Trouble with Tribbles", stardate 4525.6
When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
		-- Brooke Shields
"Boy, life takes a long time to live."
		-- Steven Wright
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire
"The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.  The Washington Post
is read by the people who think they run the country.   The National Enquirer
is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country..."
		-- Robert J Woodhead (trebor@biar.UUCP)
The Gurus of Unix Meeting of Minds (GUMM) takes place Wednesday, April
1, 2076 (check THAT in your perpetual calendar program), 14 feet above
the ground directly in front of the Milpitas Gumps.  Members will grep
each other by the hand (after intro), yacc a lot, smoke filtered
chroots in pipes, chown with forks, use the wc (unless uuclean), fseek
nice zombie processes, strip, and sleep, but not, we hope, od.  Three
days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.  Two
seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user-
friendly features of Unix.  Seminars include "Everything You Know is
Wrong", led by Tom Kempson, "Batman or Cat:man?" led by Richie Dennis
"cc C?  Si!  Si!" led by Kerwin Bernighan, and "Document Unix, Are You
Kidding?" led by Jan Yeats.  No Reader Service No. is necessary because
all GUGUs (Gurus of Unix Group of Users) already know everything we
could tell them.
		-- "Get GUMMed," Dr. Dobb's Journal, June '84
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for
even the greatest fool may ask more the the wisest man can answer.
		-- C. C. Colton
In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
Of course, you UNDERSTAND about the PLAIDS in the SPIN CYCLE --
You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
		-- Ayn Rand
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
		-- Thomas Alva Edison
				FROM THE DESK OF
				Rapunzel

Dear Prince:

	Use ladder tonight -- you're splitting my ends.
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin
Running Windows on a Pentium is like having a brand new Porsche but only
be able to drive backwards with the handbrake on.
(Unknown source)
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon
Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more
efficient would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the
analogy, the answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a
Rolls-Royce for $2.75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and
it would deliver enough power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you
were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on
a pinhead.
		-- Christopher Evans
Well, since MS cant be sure of the username of someone downloading
things, they are going to play it safe and have everything dowloaded
and executed by Explorer as suid root. That way, it will run on ANY
system anywhere. :)
		-- George Bonser <grep@cris.com>
Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"
One monk said to the other, "The fish has flopped out of the net! How will it
live?" The other said, "When you have gotten out of the net, I'll tell you."
"What does this tell me?  That if Microsoft were the last software
company left in the world, 13% of the US population would be scouring
garage sales & Goodwill for old TRS-80s, CPM machines & Apple ]['s before
they would buy Microsoft. That's not exactly a ringing endorsement."
		-- Seen on Slashdot
Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring,
ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
		-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.
		-- John F. Kennedy
The autodecrement is not magical.
		-- Larry Wall in the perl man page
Kafka's Law:
	In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
		-- Franz Kafka, "RS's 1974 Expectation of Days"
	The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical inner
workings of the U.S. Air Force.
	"$7,662 for a ten cup coffee maker, General?" the Senator asked.
	In his head he ran through his standard explanations.  "It's not so,"
he thought.  "It's a deterrent."  Soon he came up with, "It's computerized,
Senator.  Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.  Try
a cup."
	The Senator did.  "Pfffttt!  Tastes like jet fuel!"
	"It's not so," the General thought.  "It's a deterrent."
	Then he remembered something.  "We bought a lot of untested computer
chips," the General answered.  "They got into everything.  Just a little
mix-up.  Nothing serious."
	Then he remembered something else.  It was at the site of the
mysterious B-1 crash.  A strange smell in the fuel lines.  It smelled like
coffee.  Smooth and full bodied...
		-- Another Episode of General's Hospital
You will contract a rare disease.
The person who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of
someone to blame it on.
A young man and his girlfriend were walking along Main Street when she spotted
a beautiful diamond ring in a jewelry-store window.  "Wow, I'd sure love to
have that!" she gushed.
	"No problem," her companion replied, throwing a brick through the
window and grabbing the ring.
	A few blocks later, the woman admired a full-length sable coat.  "What
I'd give to own that," she said, sighing.
	"No problem," he said, throwing a brick through the window and grabbing
the coat.
	Finally, turning for home, they passed a car dealership.  "Boy, I'd do
anything for one of those Rolls-Royces," she said.
	"Jeez, baby," the guy moaned, "you think I'm made of bricks?"
FORTUNE EXPLAINS WHAT JOB REVIEW CATCH PHRASES MEAN:	#1
skilled oral communicator:
	Mumbles inaudibly when attempting to speak.  Talks to self.
	Argues with self.  Loses these arguments.

skilled written communicator:
	Scribbles well.  Memos are invariable illegible, except for
	the portions that attribute recent failures to someone else.

growth potential:
	With proper guidance, periodic counselling, and remedial training,
	the reviewee may, given enough time and close supervision, meet
	the minimum requirements expected of him by the company.

key company figure:
	Serves as the perfect counter example.
	In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he
sat hacking at the PDP-6.
	"What are you doing?", asked Minsky.
	"I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe."
	"Why is the net wired randomly?", inquired Minsky.
	"I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play".
	At this Minsky shut his eyes, and Sussman asked his teacher "Why do
you close your eyes?"
	"So that the room will be empty."
	At that moment, Sussman was enlightened.
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#44
	Zebras are colored with dark stripes on a light background.
... a thing called Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you
were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and
a fly-by-night.  These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle
Bigger Propositions.  But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical
and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot
that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Babbitt"
Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.
Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
		-- The Police, "Message in a Bottle"
Soitainly.  I was assuming that came with the OO-ness of it.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710011802.LAA21692@wall.org>
Innovation is hard to schedule.
		-- Dan Fylstra
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while
the policeman searches you.
Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
<muggles> i'm trying to convince some netcom admins i know to convert
          to Debian from RH, netgod, but they are DAMN stubborn
<muggles> why RH users so damned hard headed?
<Espy> it's the hat
"I just want to be a good engineer."
-- Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple Computer, concluding his keynote speech
   at the 1988 AppleFest
Blackout restrictions apply.
"Let me guess, Ed.  Pentescostal, right?"
-- Starcap'n Ra, ra@asuvax.asu.edu

"Nope.  Charismatic (I think - I've given up on what all those pesky labels
 mean)."
-- Ed Carp, erc@unisec.usi.com

"Same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain
cell per congregation. Starcap'n Ra, you pegged him.  Good work!"
		-- Kenn Barry, barry@eos.UUCP
If all else fails, lower your standards.
Yes, we have consensus that we need 64 bit support.  :-)
		-- Larry Wall in <199710291922.LAA07101@wall.org>
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban
There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the
truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
A man with one watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never quite sure.
I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"
	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
		-- Marlo Thomas
If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few
people die past the age of a hundred.
		-- George Burns
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing."
		-- Karl Lehenbauer
If you suspect that this message may have been intercepted or amended,
please call the sender.
The annual meeting of the "You Have To Listen To Experience" Club is now in
session.  Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing,
advertising and industry.  For best consistent contribution in the field of
publishing our award goes to editor, R.L.K., [...] for his unrivaled alle-
giance without variation to the statement: "Personally I'd love to do it,
we'd ALL love to do it.  But we're not going to do it.  It's not the kind of
book our house knows how to handle."  Our superior performance award in the
field of advertising goes to media executive, E.L.M., [...] for the continu-
ally creative use of the old favorite: "I think what you've got here could be
very exciting.  Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out-
lined and see if you can come up with something fresh."  Our final award for
courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R.S.,
[...] for her unyielding grip on "I don't care if they fire me, I've been
arguing for a new approach for YEARS but are we SURE that this is the right
time--"  I would like to conclude this meeting with a verse written specially
for our prospectus by our founding president fifty years ago -- and now, as
then, fully expressive of the emotion most close to all our hearts --
	Treat freshness as a youthful quirk,
		And dare not stray to ideas new,
	For if t'were tried they might e'en work
		And for a living what woulds't we do?
Oh, give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
Life in this society being, at best, an utter bore and no aspect of society
being at all relevant to women, there remains to civic-minded responsible
thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, eliminate the money
system, institute complete automation and destroy the male sex.
		-- Valerie Solanas
	"What are you watching?"
	"I don't know."
	"Well, what's happening?"
	"I'm not sure...  I think the guy in the hat did something terrible."
	"Why are you watching it?"
	"You're so analytical.  Sometimes you just have to let art flow
over you."
		-- The Big Chill
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
	"One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure
knows when to stop."
I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette
The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled today.
The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
And we heard him exclaim
As he started to roam:
"I'm a hologram, kids,
please don't try this at home!'"
		-- Bob Violence
"We dedicated ourselves to a powerful idea -- organic law rather than naked
 power.  There seems to be universal acceptance of that idea in the nation."
		-- Supreme Court Justice Potter Steart
Think of prototypes as a funny markup language--the interpretation is
left up to the rendering engine.
		-- Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?
I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said,
but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.
Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
Remember:  Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
		-- Dave Butler
<Joy> that's a Kludge(TM)
<knghtbrd> It Works(tm)
<Joy> AIX works(TM)
<knghtbrd> no it doesn't
<knghtbrd> =>
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
Snacktrek, n.:
	The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly
	returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will have
	materialized.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
RAM wasn't built in a day.
"Send lawyers, guns and money..."
		-- Lyrics from a Warren Zevon song
I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
<JHM> Somehow I have more respect for 14 year old Debian developers than
     14 year old Certified Microsoft Serfs.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse, but always,
always, he was right.
	[That's an interesting angle.  I wonder if there are any parallels?]
Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
<SirDibos> does Johnie Ingram hang out here on IRC?
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
Retirement means that when someone says "Have a nice day", you
actually have a shot at it.
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #1.

^Cu vi parolas angle?			Do you speak English?
Mi ne komprenas.			I don't understand.
Vi estas la sola esperantisto kiun mi	You're the only Esperanto speaker
	renkontas.				I've met.
La ^ceko estas enpo^stigita.		The check is in the mail.
Oni ne povas, ^gin netrovi.		You can't miss it.
Mi nur rigardadas.			I'm just looking around.
Nu, ^sajnis bona ideo.			Well, it seemed like a good idea.
What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Like a raisin in the sun?
Or fester like a sore --
And then run?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Or crust and sugar over --
Like a syrupy sweet?

Maybe it just sags
Like a heavy load.

Or does it explode?
		-- Langston Hughes
I'm thinking about DIGITAL READ-OUT systems and computer-generated
IMAGE FORMATIONS ...
The Great Movie Posters:

SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT!
-- DANCING CALLED GO-GO
-- MUSIC CALLED JU-JU
-- NARCOTICS CALLED BANGI!
-- FIRES OF PUBERTY!
	SEE the burning of a virgin!
	SEE power of witch doctor over women!
	SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!!
		-- Kwaheri (1965)

The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
		-- Boeing-Boeing (1965)

AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP-
A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN!
	The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to
give you the wim-wams!
		-- Monster a Go-Go (1965)
Alan E. Davis: Some files at llug.sep.bnl.gov/pub/debian/Incoming are
stamped on 10 January 1998.  As I write, nowhere on Earth is it now 10 January.

Craig Sanders: That just proves how advanced debian is, doesn't it :-)
		-- debian-devel
I stopped a long time ago to try to find anything in the bug list of dpkg.
We should run for an entry in the Guinness Book of Records.
		-- Stephane Bortzmeyer
The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for
everything that goes wrong -- until the next person quits or is fired.
"You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time," Margaret
Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978 she shocked
feminists by snapping that women don't really have children to put them in
day care twelve hours a day, either.
		-- Caroline Bird, "The Two Paycheck Marriage"
The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
		-- Charles Pierce
Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
		-- G. B. Shaw
Only a fool has no doubts.
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
 who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
		-- Jim Joyce, former computer science lecturer at the University of California
The ultimate game show will be the one where somebody gets killed at the end.
		-- Chuck Barris, creator of "The Gong Show"
The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see fit to create Frenchmen
in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942
Waiter:	"Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
	(Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"
How do you explain Wayne Newton's POWER over millions?  It's th' MOUSTACHE
...  Have you ever noticed th' way it radiates SINCERITY, HONESTY & WARMTH?
It's a MOUSTACHE you want to take HOME and introduce to NANCY SINATRA!
Content:  80% POLYESTER, 20% DACRONi ... The waitress's UNIFORM sheds
TARTAR SAUCE like an 8" by 10" GLOSSY ...
I only know what I read in the papers.
		-- Will Rogers
You know you're in a small town when...
	You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
	You're born on June 13 and your family receives gifts from the local
		merchants because you're the first baby of the year.
	Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
	You speak to each dog you pass, by name... and he wags his tail.
	You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
	You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.
This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
101-ism:
	The tendency to pick apart, often in minute detail, all
aspects of life using half-understood pop psychology as a tool.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
A word to the wise is enough.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
... I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!!
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
		-- Arthur Miller
<dark> Knghtbrd: We have lots of whatevers.
<Knghtbrd> dark - In Debian?  Hell yeah we do!
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain
				UNIX Trix

For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will
save your support staff a few hours of precious time.  Before you send your
next machine out to an untrained client, change the permissions on /etc/passwd
to 666 and make sure there is a copy somewhere on the disk.  Now when they
forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct
the damage.  Having a bootable tape (for larger machines) is not a bad idea
either.  If you need some help, give us a call.
		-- CommUNIXque 1:1, ASCAR Business Systems
VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
		-- Socrates
Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.
		-- R. E. Schenk
Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side -- but that's
	because they use more manure.
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and
considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless,
a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son, 1763
Why are many scientists using lawyers for medical
experiments instead of rats?

	a)  There are more lawyers than rats.
	b)  The scientist's don't become as
 	    emotionally attached to them.
	c)  There are some things that even rats
	    won't do for money.
Schlattwhapper, n.:
	The window shade that allows itself to be pulled down,
	hesitates for a second, then snaps up in your face.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
My, how you've changed since I've changed.
You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
We come to bury DOS, not to praise it.
(Paul Vojta, vojta@math.berkeley.edu, paraphrasing a quote of Shakespeare)
No one knows like a woman how to say things that are at once gentle and deep.
		-- Hugo
Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
		-- Balfour
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
		-- M. J. 0'Donnell
I simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that
decaying mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to
medieval conceptions of Christianity, and which still lingers among us --
a most serious barrier to religion and morals, and a menace to the whole
normal evolution of society.
		-- Andrew D. White, author, first president of Cornell University, 1896
He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad
Life is like an egg stain on your chin -- you can lick it, but it still
won't go away.
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.   :-)
		-- Larry Wall in  <8571@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks, who'll be first
against the wall when the revolution comes...
		-- with regrets to D. Adams
You will have a long and boring life.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
<StevenK> I can usually supress the feelings that tell me to crash
          tackle a girl into the bushes
The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
		-- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four
strong oxen than 100 chickens.  Chickens are OK but we can't make them work
together yet.
		-- Ross Bott, Pyramid U.S., on multiprocessors at AUUGM '89.
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
We come to bury DOS, not to praise it.
		-- Paul Vojta, vojta@math.berkeley.edu
Windows 95 Beer: A lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's
wonderful. The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like
Windows 3.1 Beer. It comes in 32-oz.  cans, but when you look inside, the
cans only have 16 oz. of beer in them. Most people will probably keep
drinking Windows 3.1 Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say
they like it. The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has
some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the
manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew.
The revolution will not be televised.
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
		-- Shakespeare
My haircut is totally traditional!
World Domination, of course.  And scantily clad females.  Who cares if
its twenty below?        -- Linus Torvalds
Q:	What do you call the money you pay to the government when
	you ride into the country on the back of an elephant?
A:	A howdah duty.
He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu
Serfs up!
		-- Spartacus
Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.
	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong
game.  They had the volley of the Dills.
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned
things is ample.
		-- Rebecca West
Kennedy's Market Theorem:
	Given enough inside information and unlimited credit,
	you've got to go broke.
Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope
Computer, n.:
	An electronic entity which performs sequences of useful steps in a
	totally understandable, rigorously logical manner.  If you believe
	this, see me about a bridge I have for sale in Manhattan.
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H. L. Mencken, "Sententiae"
In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull
Meader's Law:
	Whatever happens to you, it will previously
	have happened to everyone you know, only more so.
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
NOTICE: anyone seen smoking will be assumed to be on fire and will be
        summarily put out.
The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough
voters to win the next election.
Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
		-- Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"
"All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is
constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role
they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume."
		-- Noam Chomsky
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
		-- Fish Heads, Saturday Night Live, 1977.
Words have a longer life than deeds.
		-- Pindar
If you're carrying a torch, put it down.  The Olympics are over.
* athener calls Amnesty International House of Pancakes
"Boy, life takes a long time to live."
		-- Steven Wright
Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
"I hate the itching.  But I don't mind the swelling."
-- new buzz phrase, like "Where's the Beef?" that David Letterman's trying
   to get everyone to start saying
It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Genuine happiness is when a wife sees a double chin on her husband's
old girl friend.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Life is the urge to ecstasy.
I love ROCK 'N ROLL!  I memorized the all WORDS to "WIPE-OUT" in
1965!!
Reading computer manuals without the hardware is as frustrating as reading
sex manuals without the software.
		-- Arthur C Clarke
	Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the
ocean.  After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop,
"We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
"Data is a lot like humans:  It is born.  Matures.  Gets married to other data,
divorced. Gets old.  One thing that it doesn't do is die.  It has to be killed."
		-- Arthur Miller
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve
people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
		-- Norm Crosby
Just to remind everyone.  Today, Sept 17, is Linux's 5th birthday.  So
happy birthday to all on the list.  Thanks go out to Linus and all the
other hard-working maintainers for 5 wonderful fast paced years!
		-- William E. Roadcap <roadcapw@cfw.com>
"The urge to destroy is also a creative urge."
-- Bakunin
[ed. note - I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.]
The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.
The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
		-- Ogden Nash.
Under deadline pressure for the next week.  If you want something, it can wait.
Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic...
Really??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
untold wealth, n.:
	What you left out on April 15th.
This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
OS/2 Skyways:
The terminal is almost empty, with only a few prospective passengers milling
about. The announcer says that their flight has just departed, wishes them a
good flight, though there are no planes on the runway. Airline personnel
walk around, apologising profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing
from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside the terminal on the
field. They tell each passenger how good the real flight will be on these
new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but that they
will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight
systems. Maybe until mid-1995. Maybe longer.
What good is a ticket to the good life, if you can't find the entrance?
Must be over 21.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find
at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of
filename completion.
		-- Discussion on file completion vs. the Mac Finder
We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd
Use other side for additional listings.
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection
with income tax policies.
		-- William F. Buckley
Contemptuous lights flashed across the computer's console.
		-- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent
She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few years, enjoyed
herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and left.  Excited a few men
in the meantime.
		-- Patrick Macnee, reminiscing on Diana Rigg's
		   involvement in "The Avengers".
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds
and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.
<Knghtbrd> it's too bad most old unices turned out y2k compliant
<Knghtbrd> because it means people will STILL BE RUNNING THEM in 30 years
           =p
<Knghtbrd> it would have been so much nicer if y2k effectively killed off
           hpux, aix, sunos, etc  ;>
<Espy> Knghtbrd: since when are PH-UX, aches, and solartus "old"?
Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.  From where the
sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
		-- Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce
Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.
Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!
Care at the End

He who acts, spoils;
He who grasps, loses.
People often fail on the verge of success;
Take care at the end as at the beginning,
So that you may avoid failure.
The sage desires no-desire,
Values no-value,
Learns no-learning,
And returns to the places that people have forgotten;
He would help all people to become natural,
But then he would not be natural.
		-- Lao Tse, "Tao Te Ching"
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
		-- Linus Van Pelt
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
		-- Donald Knuth
In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing
to us.
		-- La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"
"The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts."
		-- Sheridan
Never have children, only grandchildren.
		-- Gore Vidal
* dark greets liw with a small yellow frog.
* liw kisses the frog and watches it transform to a beautiful nerd
  girl, takes her out to ice cream, and lives happily forever after
  with her
<dark> liw: Umm it's too late to have the frog back?
For best results, follow directions carefully.
QOTD:
	"I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD."
I/O, I/O,
It's off to disk I go,
A bit or byte to read or write,
I/O, I/O, I/O...
The Fifth Rule:
	You have taken yourself too seriously.
Arnold's Laws of Documentation:
	(1) If it should exist, it doesn't.
	(2) If it does exist, it's out of date.
	(3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the
	    first two laws.
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery.
But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine,
is somehow ennobled and no-one dares criticise it.
		-- Pierre Gallois
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
		-- Steven Wright
A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery, is the most tremendous object
in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith
Volley Theory:
	It is better to have lobbed and lost than never to have lobbed at all.
What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door."
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.  And
vice versa.
	Everthing is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everbody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On  the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
The Great Movie Posters:

HOODLUMS FROM ANOTHER WORLD ON A RAY-GUN RAMPAGE!
		-- Teenagers from Outher Space (1959)

Which will be Her Mate... MAN OR BEAST?
Meet Velda -- the Kind of Woman -- Man or Gorilla would kill... to Keep.
		-- Untamed Mistress (1960)

NOW AN ALL-MIGHTY ALL-NEW MOTION PICTURE BRINGS THEM TOGETHER FOR THE
FIRST TIME...  HISTORY'S MOST GIGANTIC MONSTERS IN COMBAT ATOP MOUNT FUJI!
		-- King Kong vs. Godzilla (1963)
Less is more or less more
		-- Y_Plentyn on #LinuxGER
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely
larger than others.
Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Delta: We never make the same mistake three times.   -- David Letterman
"The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.3 BSD,
but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features."
-- Avadit Tevanian, Jr., "Architecture-Independent Virtual Memory Management
   for Parallel and Distributed Environments:  The Mach Approach"
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job
application form.
		-- Stanley J. Randall
APL hackers do it in the quad.
Must be getting close to town -- we're hitting more people.
"Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother
 to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed.  Here's another of those self-satisfied
 doors.  Life!  Don't talk to me about life."
		-- Marvin the Paranoid Android
Now what would they do if I just sailed away?
Who the hell really compelled me to leave today?
Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball,
What would they do if I made no landfall?"
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Landfall"
When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the assembled bar patrons.
A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his whiskey, he hopped onto a
barstool and shouted "When I take another drink, *everybody* takes another
drink!"  The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"
The revolution will not be televised.
Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.
Plastic...  Aluminum...  These are the inheritors of the Universe!
Flesh and Blood have had their day... and that day is past!
		-- Green Lantern Comics
The lights are on,
but you're not home;
Your will
is not your own;
Your heart sweats,
Your teeth grind;
Another kiss
and you'll be mine...

You like to think that you're immune to the stuff
(Oh Yeah!)
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough;
You know you're gonna have to face it,
You're addicted to love!"
		-- Robert Palmer
... I don't know why but, suddenly, I want to discuss declining I.Q.
LEVELS with a blue ribbon SENATE SUB-COMMITTEE!
Consultant, n.:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.
Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
		-- Muad'dib [Frank Herbert, "Dune"]
Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!
Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
innovate /IN no vait/ vb.: 1. To appropriate third-party technology
through purchase, imitation, or theft and to integrate it into a
de-facto, monopoly-position product. 2.  To increase in size or complexity
but not in utility; to reduce compatibility or interoperability. 3. To
lock-out competitors or to lock-in users. 4. To charge more money; to
increase prices or costs. 5. To acquire profits from investments in other
companies but not from direct product or service sales. 6. To stifle or
manipulate a free market; to extend monopoly powers into new markets.  7.
To evade liability for wrong-doings; to get off.  8. To purchase
legislation, legislators, legislatures, or chiefs of state.  9.  To
mediate all transactions in a global economy; to embezzle; to co-opt power
(coup d'tat). Cf. innovate, English usage (antonym).
		-- csbruce, in a Slashdot post
Your job is being a professor and researcher: That's one hell of a good excuse
for some of the brain-damages of minix.
		-- Linus Torvalds to Andrew Tanenbaum
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered."
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my
cottage cheese sculpture."
<hoponpop> the difference between netbsd, freebsd, and openbsd, as an
           insider is freebsd is interested in getting things done, and
	   doesn't mind hurting people who get in their way.
<hoponpop> netbsd is interested in making sure nothing gets done, and
           doesn't mind hurting people who try to accomplish things.
<hoponpop> openbsd is interested in looking good, and doesn't hurt anyone
           in their own little community, but look out everybody else!
I know th'MAMBO!!  I have a TWO-TONE CHEMISTRY SET!!
revision 1.17.2.7
date: 2001/05/31 21:32:44;  author: branden;  state: Exp;  lines: +1 -1
ARRRRGH!!  GOT THE G** D*** SENSE OF A F******* TEST BACKWARDS!
Heisenberg might have been here.
O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the
thumb hidden and the four fingers extended.
	"How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?"
	"Four."
	"And if the Party says that it is not four but five -- then how many?"
	"Four."
	The word ended in a gasp of pain.
		-- George Orwell
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
 who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
		-- Jim Joyce, former computer science lecturer at the University of California
It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to
our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch
I used to be a FUNDAMENTALIST, but then I heard about the HIGH
RADIATION LEVELS and bought an ENCYCLOPEDIA!!
<Silvrbear> Oxymorons?  I saw one yesterday - the pamphlet on "Taco Bell
            Nutritional Information"
Ingrate, n.:
	A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of
	indigestion.
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
they make a law it's a joke.
		-- Will Rogers
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him
what he meant.
		-- Wilson Mizner
What hath Bob wrought?
I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.
<DarthVadr> Kira: JOIN THE DARK SIDE, YOUNG ONE.
<kira> darth, I *am* the dark side.
Fidelity, n.:
	A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
Save the Whales -- Harpoon a Honda.
I'm having a BIG BANG THEORY!!
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
		-- Bob Dylan
Regression analysis:
	Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are
	getting worse.
The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.  And
vice versa.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high
aims are worth-while.  Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of
objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal
gratifications.  All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of
a good job well done.  There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment,
the Peace brought by something worth-while.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead, 1963, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of
blue denim.  If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys
like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.  I don't enjoy the sky
or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.  If Jesus Christ
came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the
nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.  Then we'd get
crucified in the morning.
		-- Ian Anderson, of Jethro Tull
Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"
Everyone was born right-handed.  Only the greatest overcome it.
Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...
...[Linux's] capacity to talk via any medium except smoke signals.
		-- Dr. Greg Wettstein, Roger Maris Cancer Center
1 1 was a race-horse, 2 2 was 1 2. When 1 1 1 1 race, 2 2 1 1 2.
I THINK MAN INVENTED THE CAR by instinct.
		-- Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Minors in Kansas City, Missouri, are not allowed to purchase cap pistols;
they may buy shotguns freely, however.
Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.
When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn
They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
		-- Leonard Cohen, "Sisters of Mercy"
Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes
Randal said it would be tough to do in sed.  He didn't say he didn't
understand sed.  Randal understands sed quite well.  Which is why he
uses Perl.   :-)  -- Larry Wall in <7874@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
The past always looks better than it was.  It's only pleasant because
it isn't here.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)
Testing can show the presense of bugs, but not their absence.
		-- Dijkstra
If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
		-- W. C. Fields
I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and
implement a PL/1 compiler.
		-- T. Cheatham
  The good oxymoron, to define it by a self-illustration, must be a
  planned inadvertency. -Wilson Follett
grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
<LauraDax> !seen god
<Tabi-> LauraDax, I don't remember seeing "god"
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"
The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the `social
sciences' is: some do, some don't.
		-- Ernest Rutherford
If elected, Zippy pledges to each and every American a 55-year-old houseboy ...
Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.  It
eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the
business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation."
		-- Johnny Hart
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #32:

Q:  Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
A:  I will be three months November 8th.
Q:  Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
A:  Yes.
Q:  What were you and your husband doing at that time?
People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people
have been left out on the pleasure.
		-- Russell Baker
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
echo $package has manual pages available in source form.
echo "However, you don't have nroff, so they're probably useless to you."
		-- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
I have always noticed that whenever a radical takes to Imperialism,
he catches it in a very acute form.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1903
You can't cheat the phone company.
Please come home with me ... I have Tylenol!!
Acting is not very hard.  The most important things are to be able to laugh
and cry.  If I have to cry, I think of my sex life.  And if I have to laugh,
well, I think of my sex life.
		-- Glenda Jackson
<Knghtbrd> glDisable (GL_BUGS);
<Endy> heh
<Endy> Is that in 1.2? :)
<Overfiend> Culus: wanna suspend me for it? :)
<Culus> Overfiend:  Go maliciously crack a few severs and we'll talk
<Overfiend> Culus: damn, it has to be malicious?
<Culus> Overfiend:  Sadly, yes
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that time there won't be
anything left worth inheriting.
Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones.  But a collection
of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.
		-- Jules Henri Poincar'e
The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"
I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.  It's a rat
with a thyroid problem.
Vulcans do not approve of violence.
		-- Spock, "Journey to Babel", stardate 3842.4
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber
The most exquisite peak in culinary art is conquered when you do right by a
ham, for a ham, in the very nature of the process it has undergone since last
it walked on its own feet, combines in its flavor the tang of smoky autumnal
woods, the maternal softness of earthy fields delivered of their crop children,
the wineyness of a late sun, the intimate kiss of fertilizing rain, and the
bite of fire.  You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold
in your hands.  The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman,
starts a long, long time before the event.
		-- W. B. Courtney, "Reflections of Maryland Country Ham",
		   from "Congress Eate It Up"
There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make
it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to
make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
		-- C. A. R. Hoare
Do not use if printed inner seal is broken or missing.
No man is an Iland, intire of it selfe; every man is a peece of the
Continent, a part of the maine; if a Clod bee washed away by the Sea,
Europe is the lesse, as well as if a Promontorie were, as well as if
a Mannor of thy friends or of thine owne were; any mans death diminishes
me, because I am involved in Mankinde; And therefore never send to know
for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee.
		-- John Donne, "No Man is an Iland"
"Little else matters than to write good code."
		-- Karl Lehenbauer
The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws.  For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby
not to be a science.  He would cite as examples Military Science, Library
Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer
Science.  Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its
predictive power.
		-- Gerald Weinberg, "An Introduction to General Systems
		   Thinking"
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
How come we never talk anymore?
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
		-- Senator Soaper
	"It's hard to believe that something which is neither seen nor felt can
do so much harm."
	"That's true.  But an idea can't be seen or felt.  And that's what kept
the Troglytes in the mines all these centuries.  A mistaken idea."
		-- Vanna and Kirk, "The Cloud Minders", stardate 5819.0
Kliban's First Law of Dining:
	Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Weekend, where are you?
Who is W.O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
What hath Bob wrought?
Chip Salzenberg sent me a complete patch to add System V IPC (msg, sem and
shm calls), so I added them.  If that bothers you, you can always undefine
them in config.sh.  :-) -- Larry Wall in <9384@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
This product is meant for educational purposes only.  Any resemblance to real
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.  Void where prohibited.  Some
assembly may be required.  Batteries not included.  Contents may settle during
shipment.  Use only as directed.  May be too intense for some viewers.  If
condition persists, consult your physician.  No user-serviceable parts inside.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.  Not responsible for direct,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error
or failure to perform.  Slippery when wet.  For office use only.  Substantial
penalty for early withdrawal.  Do not write below this line.  Your cancelled
check is your receipt.  Avoid contact with skin.  Employees and their families
are not eligible.  Beware of dog.  Driver does not carry cash.  Limited time
offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.  Use only in well-ventilated area.
Keep away from fire or flame.  Some equipment shown is optional.  Price does
not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.  Penalty for private use.  Call
toll free before digging.  Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product
appear for identification purposes only.  All models over 18 years of age.  Do
not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.  Postage will be
paid by addressee.  Apply only to affected area.  One size fits all.  Many
suitcases look alike.  Edited for television.  No solicitors.  Reproduction
strictly prohibited.  Restaurant package, not for resale.  Objects in mirror
are closer than they appear.  Decision of judges is final.  This supersedes
all previous notices.  No other warranty expressed or implied.
Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Is your garden full of snails?
We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television
Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!
As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.
Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to
the capitalist mode of production.
		-- Herbert Marcuse
The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
		-- Robert Heinlein
Black Holes:
	An X generation subgroup best known for their possession of
almost entirely black wardrobes.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another
mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same
being who produces the impressions.
		-- Marquis D. A. F. de Sade
<Deek> "A good programmer can write FORTRAN in any language."
<Deek> knghtbrd has proven that you can write C++ in any language too.
       <grin>
<Mercury> We are currently considdering if we should give him or prize, or
          kill him..
<Mercury> (Of course, by all rights, this means we should give him the
          prize, and then kill him.. <G>)
I am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by men who
are equally certain that they represent the divine will.  I am sure that
either the one or the other is mistaken in the belief, and perhaps in some
respects, both.

I hope it will not be irreverent of me to say that if it is probable that
God would reveal his will to others on a point so connected with my duty,
it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be
sorry.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the
difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain
Boy!  Eucalyptus!
In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make it into
television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"
Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."
Veal-Fattening Pen:
	Small, cramped office workstations built of
fabric-covered disassemblable wall partitions and inhabited by junior
staff members.  Named after the small preslaughter cubicles used by
the cattle industry.
		-- Douglas Coupland, "Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated
		   Culture"
Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie.
Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from his
hand.  As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, "Foolish bird!  You
have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?"
Better late than never.
		-- Titus Livius (Livy)
Remember though that
THERE IS NO GENERAL RULE FOR CONVERTING A LIST INTO A SCALAR.
		-- Larry Wall in the perl man page
Today, THREE WINOS from DETROIT sold me a framed photo of TAB HUNTER
before his MAKEOVER!
"Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich."
		-- Looney Tunes, Ali Baba Bunny (1957, Chuck Jones)
Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
Hippogriff, n.:
	An animal (now extinct) which was half horse and half griffin.
	The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half eagle.
	The hippogriff was actually, therefore, only one quarter eagle, which
	is two dollars and fifty cents in gold.  The study of zoology is full
	of surprises.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the
other really likes.
		-- Elizabeth Ashley
What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person
is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes
that into account when dealing with others.  Implicit in this definition is
the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to
live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in
others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed
from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
		-- Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month"
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelley, "Shoe"
1: No code table for op: ++post
<Mercury> Someone fix it.
<Despair> committed
<Knghtbrd> Despair: Mercury?
<Despair> Knghtbrd: he's tired, made a mistake, wanted someone to undo it.
<Knghtbrd> Despair: so you had him committed?
<Despair> Knghtbrd: well, dedicated anyways.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when they grow up,
they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
Topologists are just plane folks.
	Pilots are just plane folks.
		Carpenters are just plane folks.
			Midwest farmers are just plain folks.
		Musicians are just playin' folks.
	Whodunit readers are just Spillane folks.
Some Londoners are just P. Lane folks.
scribline, n.:
	The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men, but there has
always been a limited number of Human Beings.
		-- Little Big Man
Well, I think we should get some bricks and some bats, and show him
the *true* meaning of Christmas!'
		-- Bernice, "Designing Women", 12/2/91.
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.
What does education often do?  It makes a straight cut ditch of a
free meandering brook.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.
I know how to do SPECIAL EFFECTS!!
Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from exploding bombs
	damage my videotapes?"
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
		-- Joe Cointment
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.]

Off-screen crowd:  Norm!
Sam:   How the hell do they know him here?
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
		-- Cheers, From Beer to Eternity

Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Elope with my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
		-- Cheers, Take My Shirt... Please?
Prejudice:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
"Twas bergen and the eirie road
Did mahwah into patterson:		"Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
All jersey were the ocean groves,	The teeth that bite, the nails
And the red bank bayonne.			that claw!
					Beware the bound brook bird, and shun
He took his belmar blade in hand:	The kearney communipaw."
Long time the folsom foe he sought
Till rested he by a bayway tree		And, as in nutley thought he stood,
And stood a while in thought.		The Hopatcong with eyes of flame,
					Came whippany through the englewood,
One, two, one, two, and through		And garfield as it came.
	and through
The belmar blade went hackensack!	"And hast thou slain the Hopatcong?
He left it dead and with it's head	Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
He went weehawken back.			Hohokus day!  Soho!  Rahway!"
					He caldwell in his joy.
Did mahwah into patterson:
All jersey were the ocean groves,
And the red bank bayonne.
		-- Paul Kieffer
"I think that most debian developers are rather "strong willed" people
with a great degree of understanding and a high level of passion for what
they perceive as important in development of the debian system."
		-- Bill Leach
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Change is the essential process of all existence.
		-- Spock, "Let That Be Your Last Battlefield", stardate 5730.2
Give me your students, your secretaries,
Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's.
Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me.
I lift my disk beside the processor.
		-- Inscription on a Word Processor
Engram, n.:
	1. The physical manifestation of human memory -- "the engram."
2. A particular memory in physical form.  [Usage note:  this term is no longer
in common use.  Prior to Wilson and Magruder's historic discovery, the nature
of the engram was a topic of intense speculation among neuroscientists,
psychologists, and even computer scientists.  In 1994 Professors M. R. Wilson
and W. V. Magruder, both of Mount St. Coax University in Palo Alto, proved
conclusively that the mammalian brain is hardwired to interpret a set of
thirty seven genetically transmitted cooperating TECO macros.  Human memory
was shown to reside in 1 million Q-registers as Huffman coded uppercase-only
ASCII strings.  Interest in the engram has declined substantially since that
time.]
		-- New Century Unabridged English Dictionary,
		   3rd edition, 2007 A.D.
Put your best foot forward.  Or just call in and say you're sick.
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.
		-- Snoopy
reintarnation:
	Coming back to life as a hillbilly.
Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
		-- Ebner-Eschenbach
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener
